## Chapter 1

Kris wrapped his black cloak firmly on his torso and gave his room a final look
before he left for the day. *Everything is in order*, he thought to himself a
he looked at his dimly lit room. He picked his staff with one hand and his
flute with his other and walked towards the door. 

Outside the morning mist had veiled the village in darkness and a gentle breeze
sent shivers down his spine. Kris tucked the flute in his pocket and the rested
the staff against his leg and rubbed his hands together. *Where is she?* he
thought to himself. 

A figure moved in the mist and Kris turned to see Freya walking towards him
with her bright red lips curved in a smile and her blood red eyes glistening
with joy, "Good Morning!" she slapped his back.

"You are always late!" Kris said, picking up his staff and walked towards the
east, "Even when you plan the day yourself!" Freya had come over late last
night with a devious smile on her face and had asked Kris to get up early and
get his flute with him.

"So?" Freya shrugged as she skipped forward next to him, "A Woman is always
fashionably late!"

"A woman doesn't skip around!" Kris said sharply.

"Why do you carry that staff," Freya took the staff from him and examined it,
"Like an old man?"

"It's not a walking cane," Kris took it back from her before Freya could see
the inscribing at the hilt, "It's a weapon!"

Freya narrowed her eyes, "That weapon cannot kill anyone!" she said as the two
winded down the only road leading into the village.

"Not all weapons are meant to kill," Kris said with a sorrow buried deep inside
him, "Some are meant to defend!" 

The sun had broken over the horizon and the morning mist disappeared, revealing
a small village behind it's veil. The village had grown like a fungus since
Kris had settled a long time ago, *How long was it since I came here?* he
thought to himself, *I shouldn't forget who I am!* 

"Let's move quickly," Kris held Freya's hand and led her down the road. Freya
blushed next to him and fell silent. Kris let her hand go once they were
outside the village limits, "Didn't want anyone to see us!" he said shuffling
uncomfortably when he saw Freya blushing.

"Okay!" she replied with an adoring smile.

"Let's get this day over with!" Kris said as he waited for Freya to lead the
way.

"What's the hurry!" Freya put her hands on her hips and frowned.

"Anna doesn't know!" Kris said scratching his head. 

"Don't worry!" Freya said, "I've told your baby sister, you'll be away! She's a
grown woman Kris!"

Kris fondly remembered her mischievous baby sister and smiled to himself, "Yes,
she's grown a lot!" 

"Let's go!" Freya led the way and turned North.

---

Sun was peaking over the horizon above the mountains in the east and warmed the
chilly glacial winds. Freya, took off her coat and continued to hike in the
ankle deep snow with ease. "Aren't you cold?" Kris asked as he followed in step
behind Freya. He had tied his quarter staff across his back.

Freya turned around with a skip in her feet, "It's so pleasant right now!" Kris
saw her cheeks flush pink and her lips curved in a smile and he looked away
quickly, *She's beautiful....* Kris thought as he continued to follow her.

*No.* Kris thought internally, *Don't get too close.* A distant memory flashed
in his eyes and he collided with Freya, his face sinking right into her
breasts, "Kris!" Freya blushed, "You can touch my bosom later!" she giggled and
pointed around them, "We are here!"

Kris, shook his head, and buried the painful memory, and looked around. A
waterfall escaped from the glacier and filled the atmosphere around them with
cackling. Birds chirpped in the green trees that withstood the extreme cold of
the Mountains. A mountain lion, stalked them with careful eyes and drank from
the stream of water. Kris smiled and turned to Freya who stood with her head
raised high with pride and her hands on her hips, "Happy Birthday Kris!"

"Huh?" Kris raised an eyebrow in confusion, "Birthday? Today's not my
Birthday!"

"Well," Freya looked embarassed, she held his callused hands in hers, "It is
for me! ten years ago, on this day, you walked into my life. Or rather, I
walked into your life. Ever since, I've been the happiest version of myself!"
Freya bent and pulled out a dagger from a sheath she had attached to her ankle,
"So, as a gift, I'll cook a delicious meal from a game that I catch, on a fire
I build."

"You are terrible at hunting," Kris gave out a throaty laugh, "And burning
everything to the ground is your idea of starting a fire!" Kris pulled out a
small knife from somewhere in his jacket to help Freya.

She placed a hand on his chest and glared, "Sit!" she ordered. Kris shrugged
and tucked the knife away. Freya inhaled, calmed herself and stalked off
towards thee base of the waterfall and disappeared from sight. *Alone, again!*
Kris exhaled sharply took his staff off his back. He undid his cloak and
stretched his muscles. After a while, he took his staff that was jutting from
the ground and moved it in smooth, large circles in front of him. He slowly
worked his upper body and was covered in a thin layer of sweat. His shirt stuck
to his chest and revealed a muscular frame underneath.

He breathed in methodically and began working on his footwork. Slowly taking
two steps forward and swinging he back leg in a high kick. *Hmm.* he let out
some air as he performed a combo of slow circles an a high kick. He repeated
that motion a few hundred times roughing up the snow underneath his feet. By
the time Freya had returned with a small bird in her hands and big, wide grin
on her lips, he was drenched and felt hot. Freya looked at him with beady eyes
and smiled amorously as she lit a small fire in a pit that she had lined with
stones.

"Who taught you all this?" Kris asked with awe, "You are not the only one who
is a wilderness expert." Freya poked at the fire to get it raging, "I was
always an expert!" 

"Impossible!" Kris said taking his shirt off and exposing his a heavily scarred
torso. Cuts ran all along his chest and were sewed off hastily. Puncture wounds
were filled by lump of skin. Freya eyed him with lust and awe, "You've been
terrible everytime you followed me on a hunt!" 

Freya didn't answer, Kris noticed her cheeks flushing bright red and he quickly
wrapped himself in his cloak, *No.* he thought as he struggled to keep his
emotions that he had felt a long time ago and had learnt to avoid, in check.
*She's too delicate.* Kris looked at her skinning the bird, *But is she?* 

"Lunch!" Freya said, "Will be served in 5 minutes." she looked at him smiled
and sat next to him. *Too close. Don't let her too close.* he thought as Freya
rested her head on his shoulders.

---

A mountain lion stalked closer to their little camp, following the smell of
burning fat and Kris scared it away, "Even the mountain lion finds that
delicious!" Kris pointed at the fire where the game slowly cooked with his
staff. Freya blushed pink again and smiled. A loose strand of her brown hair
had fallen on her face and she tucked it behind her ears. *She is beautiful...*
Kris stopped the chain of thought and wiped a smile that wa forming on his
lips, *No! It'll only lead to pain.* 

Freya poked at the lump of meat that had turned black, "It's done." she said as
she pulled out at one of the bones and ripped the meat free and handed it to
Kris. He blowed some air to cool the meat down and dug his teeth into it. A
storm of flavor hit his tongue and his smiled with statisfaction, "Wow." he
said eating mouthful at a time, "This tastes amazing. I can feel the taste of
crushed herbs in the fat..." he took another bite, "Pepper seasoning? where did
you find pepper?" he didn't wait as he continued to take bite after bite, "Do
taste turmeric and ginger?"

"Yes!" Freya said blushing pink.

"Where did you find these exotic herbs?" 

Freya tucked the unruly strand back again and raised her head in pride, "I went
to Moonspire!"

"Alone?" his eyes widened.

"Yes!" Kris looked at her with new found respect and gave her a little salute.
"You are bold." he praised her and continued to eat into the meat.

By the time Kris had swallowed his last morsel, Freya was already on her feet
and extinguishing the fire. She produced her hand and pulled Kris to his feet,
"So now what?" he said hanging his staff across his back and stretching. He
burpped a litle and massaged his belly, "I don't remember the last time I've
had such delicious meal!"

"Yes, I know!" Freya said turning n her heels, "Let's go!" She looked up at the
sun that had cresended marking that the day was half over. *Hmm!* Kris thought,
*Time flies when she's around.* Kris followed skipping Freya with a smile, his
heart skipped a beat seeing her rugged form, *This path... This path will lead
to sorrow and...*

Kris buried his thought and followed Freya's steps. The peaks of Snowall
mountains glittered in the yellow sun. Gentle, icy breeze flew from the east
and the two continued to hike through the snowy terrain of the Snowdale
Plateau. "Freya!" Kris said as he continued to follow the woman.

"Yes?" She spun around with a smile on her face.

"Where are we going?" he looked up at the sky and noticed that sun was
beginning it's descent, "It'll be dark in a couple of hours!" 

"Yes!" Freya said as continued to walk. Kris looked around to get the bearing
and realised they were circling the village and moving westwards. A few miles
later Freya stopped dead and turned around with a smile, she was blushing red.

"What?"

"Don't you remember this place?" Kris looked around and found himself in the
woods. Gigantic trees jutted towards the sky and covered the small glade in
darkness. Right behind Freya, a hollow tree twisted towards the sky.

"No!" Kris said with confusion as he tried to find the glade in his memories,
"I don't remember this place."

"Kris," Freya said softly as she grabbed his callused hands in her soft ones.
She guided him towards the hollowed tree, "This is where we first met!" she
said as she led him inside the hollow. A beam of sunlight entered from the top
of the hollow and illuminated it. Kris found a thin sheet spread on the ground
and a bottle of red liquid sitting in the corner.

"Sit!" she said. His heart skipped a beat or two and he felt emotions that he
had not felt in a long time. *This will lead to disaster.* he thought,
*Don't...* he said as he sat on the sheet next to her.

"Play that flute!" Freya said pouring a glass of wine for herself.

Kris put his hands inside his coat and produced the metal flute. *Don't...
It'll lead to death...* he tried to stop himself from being there. He found
himself moving the flute towards his lips, a heartbeat later, a melody poured
from his lips and the forest turned still. Everything stopped around as a
melancholic melody slowly unfolded. His flute lamented his past, the deaths. 

The notes carried the sorrow and anger. His fingers moved swiftly on the flute
and heartbreaking music continued to pour. A teardrop formed in his eyes as he
his past flashed in front of his eyes. Freya wiped the teardrop from his eyes
and placed a hand on his. He stopped.

She embraced his head between her bosom and he melted. A sorrow that Kris had
struggled to keep away stormed inside him. He hugged her, and before he could
control, they kissed.

"No!" Kris said, suddenly pulling free.

"What happened!" 

"Nothing can ever happen between us!" Kris said.

"Why?" Freya asked embarassed. 

Kris didn't answer for a moment, "Because..." he couldn't explain it to her, so
he kissed her lips one more time, "I'm not what you think I'm." he finally
said.

"Who are you?" Freya asked.

"Freya..." Kris looked at her with pleading eyes.

"Okay." she said, "It's about to get dark. Let's get going." she didn't push
him further. *She's strong, she's brave, she's sweet, she's understanding.
Kris, maybe finally you can be happy. Maybe this time love won't lead to
anything bad.*

## Chapter 2

<!-- Part 1

Introduction of Snowdale Village as a multi cultural, multi species economic
center

- Introduction of Species: Human, Orcs, Vampires and Werewolves

Kris is shown as head of Snowdale

- Kris makes important decisions in the village

Part 2

Show Snowdale as an important mining center. The mines of Snowdale are secret
from rest of the world. Only Moonspire knows about this

- The mines of Snowdale control the supply of Vumirium a super precious metal
  that has replaced Gold in the economy
- They also produce vumirium ingots

Part 3

Introduce Moonspire as Kris travels to Moonspire to sell vumirium.

- Details about Moonspire culture
	- Dressing: Kris buys a dress for Freya and Anna
	- Food: Kris visits a restaurant to eat food
	- Music: A musician plays at the restaurant
	- Drink: Kris get drunk

On the way home, Kris is attacked by Brigands and he breaks their bones This
shows his physical strength as he beats a group of 6 brigands with just his
staff -->

*She's perfect...* Kris stared at the blank ceiling. Freya's red eyes glittered
in back of his head, *They are the most beautiful eyes I've every seen.* he
thought as he tossed around on the floor. A cold wind entered through the
window. Kris got to his feet and stretched. His scars stretched as he moved,
*No.* he thought. He pulled his cloak and wrapped it around his scarred chest
and grabbed his staff on his way out. The a horned moon hung low in the sky and
owls hooted eerily. Far in the north Kris could see light shooting in the sky
and illuminating a passing cloud. 

*Love will destroy you Kris.* he thought as he practiced swinging the staff
over his head. He snaked through the deserted roads of the Snowdale suffering
his past alone, *Everytime you've loved someone...* face of a woman from his
past flashed and Kris stopped. He shook his head and made a hard left and
continued to walk till he reached a small, but embellished building. He looked
around and found himself alone, *Alone.* he thought, *Bury yourself in your
work Kris. Love isn't for you.* he unlocked the door and entered the building. 

Once inside, he flicked his fingers and the lamps in the room burned brightly,
*Hmm.* he smiled. He moved around the room and placed his staff right over the
fireplace. He flicked his fingers together and a bright fire cackled and slowly
warmed the room. He looked around with a smile, once satisfied he took his
place behind a mahgony table and started flipping through parchments. *Let's
see.* he shuffled a huge stack of parchment and buried himself in the content
and before he could notice, Freya's beautiful face went into the background. 

Kris yawned, *I need to go to Moonspire soon!* he thought as he looked out of
the window, *Duke's trying to scam me.* he thought. He took the parchement from
his desk and turned to the filing cabinet. When he opened the door a bucket
fell on his head. *Anna.* he thought shoving the stack in the filing cabinet.
*Someone could get hurt.* he thought picking up the bucket and placing it in a
corner.

*Anna,* he thought, *Stop pulling such pranks.* he sighed when instead of ink
he found it filled with water. Outside the sky had turned purple and Kris heard
chattering and hearty laughter. He pulled himself free from the desk and looked
outside. 

A group-- of different races-- passed by sharing a cigarette. *The miners are
returning.* he thought. He looked at their happy faces and felt proud of what
he had accomplished. A bulky orc noticed him and waved. Kris smiled and saluted
the passing miner. 

"Good Morning Kris." an old, hairy man said as he puffed smoke in front of him. 

"Good Morning Stefan." he waved his bulky hand, "How was your shift?" 

"Well," Stefan pulled on a drag, "Pretty routine."

"Good!" Kris turned on his heels and was greeted by a glass of water thrown at
him. When he opened his eyes he saw Anna's laughing figure dashing out of the
door. *Anna.* he thought with a smile. He grabbed his cloak and his staff and
exited the building.

"Kris." an old woman fell at his feet just as he walked outside.

"What is it, Jaana?" he held the old woman by her shoulders, raised her to her
feet and embraced her in a tight, warm hug.

"Kris..." words choked, "Kris... my son..." tears rolled down her eyes, "My son
Arnar... he ran away." she sniffled, "He ran away  with all the money I had
saved." Kris kissed he old woman's forehead.

"Don't worry, we'll find him." He looked around and saw Joan passing by. She
was carried a small baton in her hand and her uniform was well ironed. He waved
at her and she jogged towards him.

"Joan," Kris spoke to her, still holding Jaana in an warm embrace, "Arnar has
run away." he said solemnly, "Find him." He looked at Jaana's tearful eyes and
wiped them, "Take her home!"

"Come Jaana." Joan said in a consoling voice and led Jaana through the
twisting, maze-like roads of Snowdale. Kris sighed and continued to walk North
from where miners were entering the town. The miners smiled and waved and
shared small conversations as he continued to walk down the road, his cloak
wrapped tightly on his shoulders and his staff hung across his back. He dug his
flute out and played a cheerful melody for the passing miners. *This is what I
could have accomplished in the past.* he thought with a heavy heart.

---

The horizon to his right had turned orange and slowly pushed the purple of the
sky away. The stream of miners continued to trickle down and finally he was the
only one walking along the path. He looked around his sides and sighed, *Alone
again.* he thought. 

"Kris!" Someone called and pushed the sadness in his heart away. He turned
around on his heels and saw Freya running towards him. She wore a white shirt
that was covered by a thick black woolen jacket and a khaki pants and had tied
her locks of brown hair in a ponytail that bounced side-to-side. Kris' found
himself smiling and his heart skipping inside. *This will destroy you.* he
thought and tried to put away the bubbling emotions.

"Freya?" he said as she was within audible zone, "What are you doing here?"

"I was going to the mountains!" she said pointing towards a ice covered peak
somewhere northeast, "Anna told me she found a new plant that she hasn't seen
before. I was curious!" Freya paused and eyed him curiously, "Where are you
going?"

"To the mines!" Kris said as he turned around and continued his march towards
the mines.

"Something wrong!" 

"Always good to keep a check..." Kris said over his shoulders, "Vumirium has
become increasingly popular and expensive! Someone could steal it..." *Someone
could misuse it.* Kris thought, *Someone could... No that isn't possible.*
"Vumirium is what keeps Snowdale safe, and well fed, Freya, I need to keep it
safe." 

Freya continued besides him, their hands rubbed slightly and Kris' mind froze,
"You have to take care of so many things. Sounds like a tough life." She
momentarily held his hand in hers. Kris looked at her from the corner of his
eyes and saw her blushing pink and smiling. A lock of hair had escaped the tie
and had fallen across her face.

"Aren't you getting late?" Kris finally said, his heart was dancing around in
his heart.

"Yes." Freya looked at him with a smile on her face, let go of hands and dashed
away towards the mountain where Anna had claimed she found a new plant. *Did
she really?* Kris thought.

Kris sighed and pulled the staff free from it's harness and swung it over his
head. He marched towards the mine-- using the staff as a walking stick--= with
a heaart filled with sour emotions, *You are marching towards your doom.* he
thought when Freya's smiling face flashed in front of his eyes.

A few minutes later, Kris stood in front of a metallic gate sharp trident
shaped grilled. A guard stood sentry behind the locked metallic gate with a
heavy baton in his hand a cigarette between his lips. Kris slapped the staff on
his back and folded his arms behind and cleared his throat to get guard's
attention.

"Sir!" the guard gave him a crisp salute and unlocked the gate. Kris looked up
at his name carved over the gate and shook his head, *I want people forget
about me.*  He walked straight towards the only building on the ground. He
could hear hammer hitting the chisel and miners laughing and chatting while
they worked. He could feel the heat from the open furnace where a group of
metallurgists carefully processed the ore into ingots.

A few miners were outside the mining shaft and smoked cigarettes with their
buddies the waved at Kris and lowered that hats in respect, "Good to see you
here Kris."

Kris smiled at them and entered the stone building. Everyone in the room
stopped what they were doing and saluted. Kris nodded and they went back to
what they were doing, *They respect me...* Kris thought as he walked towards
the superintendent's office and threw the door open. 

Kris walked across the room and grabbed the superintendent by his throat and
lifted him off his feet, "Tell me everything!" Kris ordered in flat, icy cold
voice. The superintendent gasped for air tried to pull Kris' fingers off.
Outside the employees were looking through the door, shocked at Kris'
behaviour. Some shuffled nervously and others held their hands to their mouths.

"Tell me, why were you stealing Vumirium ore and selling it off in black
market?"

"They..." the superintendent tried to say something but his words choked. Kris
released his grip and the superintendent crashed to his knees, "They... They
were giving me money and women."

"Who are They?" Kris said pulling the flute from his jacket and placing the
cold metal on his lips. He played a slow, heavy lament. The music sank
everyone's spirit Kris leaned on the edge of the table and waited for the
superintendent. Kris paused and asked again, "Who are They?"

"I don't know. They nver showed themselves. I'd deliver the vumirium ingots and
they'd send over the payment with a woman."

"Hmm." Kris ran his hands through the superintendent's thick black hair. He
looked outside through the open door. The employees, the citizens of Snowdale
looked at him shock, "Vumirium is people of Snowdale's property. This..." Kris
bent down with flute in his hand, "Is your punishment." Kris stabbed the flute
straight through the superintendent's throat and across the other side. He
twitched in pain, blood gurgled through his throat and his mouth. Everyone
outside gasped in horror, a few retched. 

Kris pulled out the flute from the throat and calmly looked at everyone in the
office, "No one steals. Get back to work now." he said calmly and left the
room.

---

Kris couldn't sleep the superintendent's face haunted him. *What was his name?*
Kris thought as he folded his hands to say a prayer, *Who are you praying to?*
he thought, *Lord Vumir?* he laughed out loud and tossed around in his bed. His
face flashed again. He wasn't alone this time. Kris saw faces from his past,
faces he thought he had forgotten.

"Ugh." he sighed loudly and got up to his feet, *How many days since I slept?*
he thought as he poured himself some water. *Where ever I go...* he thought
looking out of the window. The moon was hanging low in the sky and illuminated
the village. The candles filtered in the houses across and Kris could hear
people whisper. He felt a strange, unsettling feeling in his stomach, *What is
this feeling?* Kris thought. *I shouldn't have killed the superintendent. I
could have found a less severe, a less final punishment.* he felt guilt wash
him over.

*Maybe I need some fresh air?* he thought. *Maybe I need Freya?* Kris felt his
eyes go wide and a chill running through his body, *Get that thought out. Freya
is wrecking ball.* he steeled his nerves and grabbed his cloak on the way out.
A chilling wind blew from the glaciers and the hair on his naked torso
prickled. He quickly wrapped the cloak around his scarred chest and marched
through the street with his staff by his side. 

The wind gushed through the streets and roughened his shoulder length hair.
Kris pulled cloak tighter and straightened the collar and continued to wander
aimlessly through the silent street. *I shouldn't have killed him.* he thought
again. His slowly drifted towards the southern part of the village. *Why do I
care if Vumirium is stolen and sold...* Kris thought, *No one knows...* he left
farthest reaches of the village and continued to walk on a beaten down path. 

When he stopped, he found himself standing in a glade left behind when the
massive tree had died. Kris found a stub and sat on it. He searched for his
flute in his cloak and pulled it out. He looked at it with dark eyes and broke
into tears, *More deaths.* he thought, *Why did I kill him?* he thought. He
tried to bend the flute with his raw strength but quickly realized his mistake. 

A twig cracked and Kris quickly wiped his tears with one hand and flung the
flute away to grab his staff, "Who is it?" Kris asked getting into a defensive
stance. Kris calmed himself and heard footsteps approaching. He relaxed his
muscles and prepared himself for a quick, brutal fight. 

"Kris." A young woman with skin as brown as Freya's hair walked into the glade. 

"Anna." Kris lowered his staff and sat on the stub, "What are you doing here?"
he mindlessly picked up the flute and cleaned it up with snow.

"I saw you walk aimlessly through the village." 

Kris tried to keep the tears at bay, "Yes, I couldn't sleep." Anna walked
across and sat next to him on the stub. She wrapped her arms around his neck
and gave him a hug.

"Anna," Kris finally broke into tears, "I shouldn't have killed him. I
shouldn't have killed them."

"Them?" 

Kris didn't reply, his words choked in his throat and a stream of tears ran
down his cheeks. Anna wiped them with her hands and hugged him, "He deserved
it!" Anna said in soothing voice.

"Does he?" Kris sobbed, "No one deserves death Anna." Kris managed to say. 

"He stole from the mines!"

"A few ingots sold in the black market isn't worth someone's life." Kris said.
"A few ingots of Vumirium of in right hands could wreck havoc..." he thought.

"Wreck havoc?" Anna asked. Kris didn't reply for a long time, and finally Anna
gave up.

Kris didn't say a word and slowly his eyes dried out and his sobbing stopped.
Anna held him close and tight and kept caressing his head. Kris raised his head
and smiled, "Let's go back."

He got to his feet and tucked the flute inside his cloak pockets and slapped
the staff across his back. "No!" Anna said getting up to his feet and pulling
the staff back, "You are carrying me back." she handed the staff to him,
"Following you is tiring." Kris smiled and she piggybacked him. She planted a
gentle kiss on his cheeks and they walked towards the village.

## Chapter 3

<!-- 

Part 1: Show Kris as a loved figure in Snowdale and how he loves everyone
around him Especially Anna and Freya

Kris throws a weekly banquet (a small get together where the entire village
joins for a round of drink brewed from sheep's milk and broth/Stew that Kris
cooks.)

During the banquet, Arnar comes up, bloodied and lacerated

Part 2: Kris heals Arnar this showcases that he has multiple skills. Anna is
hanging around Kris and Kris notices how Anna is looking at him, Kris concludes
that Anna loves Arnar

Part 3: When Arnar wakes up, he tells him what has happened. He's attacked by a
group of Bandits while he was going to moonspire. With the money he had stolen.
Kris asks why did he steal the money and he replied he wanted to buy a staff
just like Kris'. Kris notices that Arnar worships Kris this makes him
uncomfortable. Kris tells the Snowdale villagers that he'll hunt these bandits
and bring them to justice.

Freya joins him on this mission as she argues that he'll need her skills as a
master huntswoman.  -->

*How long since I last slept?*  Kris tried to recall last time he had a sound
sleep, *Probably when I was in the office? Was I sleeping or was I lost in
work?* Kris leaned against the window sill and allowed the icy, gentle breeze
soothe him. *Should I go see Freya?* he fingered the flute, *What are you
thinking.* Outside, Abos - the broken moon rose above horizon and bathed the
snowy peaks of snowall mountains in a white glow.

"Kris!" someone knocked in a distinct pattern at his door and Kris smiled,
"Open the damn door!"

Kris wrapped a shirt around his torso, pocketed his metallic flute and opened
the door with a confused smile, "Freya," he was glad to have some company,
"What are you doing here?"

Freya pushed him aside and dashed to the fireplace. Anna followed inside
wearing her jet black hair in a bun and wrapped in a fur jacket that he had
made himself, "Anna!" Kris hugged her and found Janna, Arnold and a few other
miners smiling and shivering outside the door. He waved them inside and closed
the door, "What are you guys doing here?" he wrapped his arm around Anna's
shoulders and leaned comfortably against her.

"We saw your lights on!" Freya said from near the fireplace, rubbing her hands
together.

"I know you haven't slept in fifteen days," Anna said taking sip of a clear
transparent liquid, "I thought you'd enjoy our company." Kris looked at her
with teary eyes, *She knows me so well.* he thought, "But mostly, we wanted to
hear you play flute and maybe an interesting story." Janna had pulled a chair
and was sharing a cigarette with Arnold. The miners, Arnold's friends, stared
at Janna and elbowed each other playfully.

"Go ahead," Freya called out, "play your damn flute for your little Anna!"

"Oi." Anna hugged Kris tightly, "Why are you taunting him?" 

"He never does anything for me," Freya said.

"Kris," Janna said puffing cigarette in front of her, "Why Kris? Why don't you
do anything for Freya?"

"Yes Kris," Arnold took the cigarette from Janna

"We know you love her!" Janna said winking. Kris looked at Freya and saw her
cheeks turn scarlet, "You can't stop..."

"Woah," Kris pulled his hands up defensively-- holding his flute, "I'll do
something for her as well. Do you want me to play the flute now?" he pressed
the cold metal against his lips.

Everyone fell silent. Janna extinguished the cigarette with her heels and Freya
put in more wood in the fire and it cackled against the comfortable silence in
the room. Kris sighed and a sweet melody dripped from the flute. The small
group moved side-to-side to the cresending melody. Anna took small sips from
the bottle and passed it around. Kris moved his fingers slowly along the length
and the soulful melody took a dark turn and swelled into a menacing medley. A
tear formed in Arnold's eyes and he wiped it off quickly before anyone could
notice. 

Kris kept his eyes from closing, *My past will comeback.* Freya tucked her
brown hair behind her small ears and caught Kris staring at her. She blushed
pink and looked away leaving a smile on his face, *Death will be hear soon.*
When he finally stopped, Arnold couldn't contain tears from bubbling in his
eyes, Anna looked lost and Freya didn't once look back at Kris after she caught
him staring.

"That was beautiful." Janna broke the silence and lit a cigarette, "You made
Arnold cry." she patted his back and laughed.

"Story time." Anna said and everyone nodded.

"Okay." Kris said handing his flute to Anna who played with it as Kris thought
for a good story to tell. He looked outside of the window and saw Broken pieces
of Abos glowing brightly. "How about a story about Abos the Broken moon?"

"Sounds interesting to me." Arnold said and Janna nodded. The miners looked
away when Janna gave them a scathing glare.

---

Ages ago, when the man had just discovered fire, when the continent was
different Abos was a Powerful King of the Sky. He ruled the night and he ruled
the day and everyone on the continent bent their knees in front of him. "Who
can defeat?" he would often ask his wife Abisa -- the daughter of the Sun. Abos
sat on his throne looking down at the men who discovered fire and saw a young,
virign woman walking through the forest with a stone knife in one hand and a
basket of fruits in the other.

Enchanted by her beauty, Abos the King of the Sky, got up from his throne and
descended the earth in a human form. He was tall, muscular, white and glowing,
"What is your name?" he asked the virgin woman.

"Emira." she said. Her eyes were dazed by his glowing form and she inched
closer in fascination. Abos stood there with his arms on his hips and his chin
raised in arrogance. When she approached he grabbed her by her waist and broke
the scared promise he made to Abisa, his wife. He lay with Emira in the forest
and made defiant love to her. The Sun saw Abos' defiance and saw tears
trickling down Abisa's eyes. 

When Abos returned to the sky, Abisa, accompanied by her father, entered Abos'
castle. Her eyes were swollen and her heart broken, "Why did you do this to
me?" she asked, her words drowned in her tears, "Why did you break your scared
promise?" 

"Because," Abos got to his feet and said in his hubris, "I can." 

Enraged by Abos' pride the Sun raised his hands and casted him into a big
spherical rock-- the moon that we see at night. 

"You laid with another," Abisa said swinging her Hammer-- the Ruin, "When I
loved you with all my heart!" Tears that trickled down her eyes turned into
Silver. She slammed Ruin on Abos' smooth, spherical contours and shattered him
into pieces. 

"I'll kill that woman." Abisa said furious with jealousy and descended the
Continent. And saw the Emira was dead, killed by Abos. From her belly, Abisa
heard the cackling of a child. Using the knife that lay on the ground, Abisa
ripped her belly and pulled a small, bronze skinned child whose eyes glowed
golden just like Abos. She took the child to the Sky and raised him as her own.
He came to be known as Vumir-- the Son of Abisa.

---

"I'm pretty sure that is not the story." Janna said puffing another cigarette
and passing it along to Arnold.

"Well," Kris said stretching his leg, "That's the original story, that's how
the old books have it." he looked at Freya who rested her head on her knees and
watched Kris with playfulness in her eyes. Kris smiled and Freya blushed
scarlet.

"That was fun Kris!" Anna said hugging him. Kris wrapped his hand around Anna's
shoulders and held her close. He could feel her cheerfulness coursing through
his veins he felt his sorrows wash away in her warmth. 

"Now," Kris said turning around and walking towards a small cabinet, "Let's
drink this fine wine." he said pulling out a mud jar from the cabinet and
carefully placing it in the center. Anna scavanged glasses for everyone from
the kitchen and helped Kris pour wine for everyone. Kris found a nice spot
close to the fire and smiled at Freya who delicately sipped wine from her
glass.

Anna gossiped with Janna and teased the miners for oogling obstinately. She
took the glass from Arnold's hands and emptied it in a single gulp. Kris
laughed at her cheerfulness, momentarily forgeting his past. He found Freya
holding his callused hands and blushing pink. Kris smiled at her and gave her a
soft hands a gentle squeeze. A slow, strained knock on the door, startled
everyone. Anna dropped the glass of wine on the floor, spilling the white
liquid. She got to her feet-- almost angrily-- and opened the door. 

"Kris!" she let out a panicked welp and Kris let go of Freya's soft hands and
ran towards her. Outside Arnar, Joan's son lay flat on the ground blood oozing
from multiple cuts on his torso. 

"They are coming." he strained.

---

Kris wiped his brow with back of his hand and concentrated on cleaning the
blade wound. "Anna." Kris said looking up to find Anna standing opposite him
and watching Arnar with a tearful eye

"He'll survive," Anna asked with fear ladden voice, "Kris."

Kris poured some more alcohol and dabbed the wound with a cloth that stained
red, "He'll." he said and went to the fire place and placed his flute deep
inside the clacking fire and returned to find Anna's eyes dripping big tear
drops down both the cheeks. He embraced the little girl and kissed her
forehead, "You love him, right?" 

Anna remained silent and Kris slowly led her out of the door, "Freya." he
called out and she dashed towards him, blushing scarlet, "Take care of Anna."
and closed the door behind. 

*Who are coming?* Kris thought as he stared at the fire dancing fire, *Why
would someone attack Arnar?* Kris scratched his chin and wondered how Arnar had
come stumbling to the village covered in multiple cuts on his torso. He glanced
towards him and saw blood slowly oozing from the wounds. *He couldn't be far
from the village.* Kris turned to see his flute burning red hot. He grabbed the
flute with his barehands, his skin sizzled and burned under the red hot flute. 

He carefully cauterized Arnar's wound who jolted conscious and screamed. Kris
placed his free hand on Arnar's mouth and supressed his agonizing pain, "What
are you doing?" Anna flunged the door open and asked angrily, "You'll kill
him." Kris ignored Anna's protests and continued to cauterize Arnar's wounds
one by one. When done he threw the flute in a bucket filled with water and
submerged his callused hands in the ice cold water.

"That," Kris said wiping his hands on his trousers and walking towards Anna,
"Will seal the open wounds and stop the blood loss." He hugged Anna and guided
her out of the door and into the snowy field. A cold wind had gathered speed
and was blowing from the mountains. *She'll get cold.* he thought as he hugged
Anna in a tighter embrace.

"Aren't you cold?" Janna asked pulling in a drag of smoke from the cigarette
and shivering against the cold wind, "You are just wearing a shirt." she
pointed at his loose white shirt.

Kris smiled and ignored her, "Call Joan." he ordered Janna who extinguished the
butt of the cigarette and turned into an alley just a few steps away. 

"Arnold," he turned to find Arnold smoking a cigarette, "You call every officer
here right now. Where did the miners go?" 

"They went for a leak." Arnold pointed to his back.

"We need to protect the mines," Kris handed Anna to Freya and scratched his
head, "We need to protect Snowdale." *I cannot lose them.* he thought.
"Everyone who can fight should be here within one hour."  Arnold nodded and
left in Miners direction. Kris turned to Freya who was soothing a shocked Anna.
*She looks so beautiful right now.* 

Kris started towards them when Arnar screamed in agony and Anna broke free and
rushed inside.

"She's in love with him." Freya said holding Kris' callused hands.

*Everytime I fall in love.* Kris thought sighing, *Death follows.* 

## Chapter 4

<!-- Part 1: Kris organizes his 'little army'
	- Janna and Arnold and made responsible for defense of the village
	  Deposits. 
	- Freya is made in charge of raising the alarms when the Enemies arrive.
	  She's to go scouting based on the information provided by Arnar
	- Kris wants Anna to stick with him but she's adamant that she wants to
	  stay back with Arnar! Kris gives her a sword that he had kept hidden in
his house. A sword made of Vumirium.  Part 2:
	- A group of soldiers, wearing a uniform that Freya's not seen before
	  approach on Horses! She signals their approach by raising a smoke signal.
The enemy sees the signal and tries to take her prisoner. Freya runs away.
	- Janna, Arnold and their men fight to protect the Village Deposits Janna
	  fights with a sword Arnold fights with Hammer. They are both defeated and
the Deposits are taken
	- Anna stays back with Arnar and when the enemies come she stabs Arnar and
	  joins the enemy ranks
	- Kris (the POV) He's waits patiently with his staff. He plays the flute.
	  He sees the smoke signal rise and prepares himself by taking of his shirt
and practicing his stance with his Staff. Freya comes running towards him
chased by a group of vumirian soldiers. Kris sees their uniform and instantly
recognize! Anger burns inside him. He sees weapons in their hands and instantly
recognizes the Elven Craftsmenship! the Blue Blade on their short sword. He's
terrified but defeats the Vumirian Soldiers! He takes the Blue Blade and hands
it to Freya as a gift! They dash back to the village Part 3:
	- When Kris returns, he finds Village burning, people screaming. He panics
	  and starts looking for Anna. He finds Arnar stabbed with a knife. Anna is
no where to be seen. He goes to the Deposits and finds Janna and Arnold
severely injured. His other soldiers are all dead. The Deposit is empty! Kris
is confused on what to do... 
	- Freya centers him and asks him to treat Janna and Arnold.
	- He quickly does that. Kris wants to leave the village to find the ones
	  who took Anna. Freya follows.  This begins Kris's Journey through the
Continent to find it in ruins!  -->

*This silence...* Kris thought looking towards Anna and Freya, *Please break
this silence.* Over an hour had passed since Kris sent Arnold away. "Where's
Janna?" he spoke to himself to break the heavy silence that lingered in the
room.

"She'll be here." Freya said warming herself next to the fireplace. She held
Anna in a soothing embrace who hadn't spoken a word. *What's going inside her
head?* Kris started towards her.

"Hey," Kris said holding Anna by her shoulders, "Are you okay?" 

Anna raised her gaze and smiled at Kris, "I'm fine." she said taking the jacket
off and handing it to Freya who felt a chill settle inside her, "If Arnar was
attacked..." Anna thought for a moment, "The attackers should be close by."

"Yes." Kris got to his feet and fingered the flute, "We need to protect the
Deposits."

"Do you think they are after the deposits?"

Kris looked outside the window and watched Abos make it's final descent beyond
the horizon, "Yes." he said softly. *It's the only valuable thing in this
village.* he thought to himself, *How did they find our location?* Kris
thought. *I've made sure the spies don't find us.* 

"Kris." Janna knocked loudly and broke Kris' chain of thought.

"What to you so long?" Kris looked at stooped Joan covered in multiple layers
of warm clothing following Janna with a walking stick and shrugged, "Get in.
Quickly now."

"How's my son?" Joan asked trying to walk as fast as she could.

"He's well." Kris said lifting Joan in his arms and taking her to the Arnar.
Joan fell on Arnar's chest and broke down-- sobbing uncontrollably.

"Why?" Joan said slapping Arnar across his face, "Why did you steal all the
money?"

"I wanted to buy a staff." Arnar said looking towards Kris with reverent eyes,
"A staff just like Kris's. I want to be as strong as he is." *He worships me.*
A stone churned inside his stomach and his heart fell heavier than a mountain,
*He worships me like a hero... I'm no hero... I'm... a Murderer.* Darkness
gathered inside his mind, and his voices of people long dead echoed. 

Anna tapped his shoulders and Kris saw Arnold waiting next to Janna, smoking a
cigarette and passing it back to her, "They are here." he said pointing towards
the door. Kris nodded and looked at Freya and centered himself in the present.

Kris found a small group of men and women armed with daggers and batons
shivering in the morning cold. Kris scanned the men and made a note for
himself, *I should have trained a few swordsmen...*

"Why did you call us Kris?" a middle aged man with broad shoulders and matted
hair said in rasping voice.

"A threat looms on Snowdale..." Kris paused, and searched for cautious words.

"Well, it's almost winter," a scar faced man said in a heavy voice, "It's
particularly chilly this time. We may not have enough harvest."

"Silence." Janna ordered from behind Kris. *I can always count on her to
discipline them.* 

"A threat far greater than a cold winter." Kris said, "A threat that can kill
us. That can wreak havoc on the continent."

"We don't care about the continent." someone said from behind, "We are the
outcasts that no one wanted."

"A broken continent would risk our existence." Kris said calmly, "This threat
would make us a target."

"We don't have to worry," a old woman with a baton resting on her shoulders
said, "You can protect us."

*These people...* thoughts of his bloody past tried to surface and Kris
suppressed them, "We can prevent this..." Kris looked at Freya and her smiling
face soothed his anxiety.

"What is this threat?"

"Arnar was attacked..." Kris said, "The attackers are close to the village, and
they are no ordinary brigands, they are armed with sharp blades.

"We must protect the vumirium deposits and the mines. They should not be taken
from us. It is ours and should remain that way." *If Vumirium falls into wrong
hands...* Kris shook his head lightly.

"What do you want us to do?" Janna asked from behind, shouldering her baton.

Kris nodded, "Janna, you and Arnold, take these soldiers and secure the
Deposits."

"You said the attackers are armed with blades..." Janna paused looking at her
baton, "How can we fight them with..."

"Batons hold up against blades." Kris went inside the room and returned with an
unsheathed sword. Everyone exchanged looks and gasped at the shining blade,
"Take your defensive stance..." Kris ordered Janna and he slashed his sword
over his head and it slide against the smooth wood of baton.

"Batons are great for defense..." Kris said, "Mind your head and you'll do just
fine.

"I'll need a scout who can signal us when the enemy is near, Kaylor..."

"No." Freya said, "I'll be the scout."

"Are you sure?" Kris raised an eyebrow. *She burns everything. She's sloppy.
Can she do it? Well she did hunt for you!*

"Yes!" Freya said folding her arms under her bosom. Kris looked at her and
nodded in approval.

"Everyone else... need to stay inside their houses." *I cannot lose Anna.*
"Anna you'll come with me to the mines."


"No." Anna stood her ground, "I'll stay with Arnar. He'll need some protect."
Kris looked at her with raised eyebrow and saw Freya smiling from the corner of
his eyes.

*She'll be okay.* Freya mouthed and Kris nodded and sheathed the blade and
handed it to her, "Anna, this is a very special sword with a long history. It
has never lost a battle. Keep this with you, it'll protect you."

"Does it have a name?" Anna asked unsheathing the sword a little, "Why is
special?"

"It's called Sorrow." Kris said placing a hand on her shoulders, "For your
other question, you'll have to wait till this is over." 

Kris turned around and dismissed everyone to their stations. Freya stood next
to him holding his hands, "We'll win this." Freya said in soft, comforting
voice. A single strand of her brown hair had gotten free form her braid and
gently fell across her face. Kris looked at her over his shoulders and thought,
*She looks so beautiful in the morning Sun. I'm definitely, hopelessly in
love.* he shook his head and steeled himself, *Doom's here.* 

---

A gentle wind from the Snowall and a soft glowing sun above the horizon in the
east greeted Kris when he arrived at the Mines, "Everyone!" he called out as
soon as he entered the mine office. 

"Get out of here! Now!" he looked for the supervisor who hurried to meet him,
"What is your name, girl?" Kris asked in a flat, commanding voice.

"People here call me Gilly," Gilly blushed, "I'm the best..." 

"I don't have time to listen to your stories, Gilly. We are under attack, get
everyone out of the mines, now." 

"Sir," Gilly said with a confused look, "We'll not be able to meet our targets
sir, if I dismiss the miners, sir!" 

"Gilly, What is more important my dear girl? Safety of your Miners or your
Target?"

"Safety sir!" Gilly looked down at her feet, "Where should I take them sir?"

Kris raised her head by placing a finger under her chin, "Take them to the
Mountains and wait for my signal before you bring them down." he gave her a
gentle kiss on her forehead, "I can trust you Gilly?"

Gilly blushed pink by Kris's act of kindness and he saw a iron resolve form
inside her eyes, "Yes sir!"

Kris nodded and dismissed the girl. He looked around the Mine Office and found
himself a wooden chair. He picked it up and brought it outside in the open sun.
Around him, panicked Miners and officers followed Gilly's orders. *She's a
brave girl.* he noted at her skills in leading the miners and the officers and
keeping their panic away.

"This way!" Gilly pointed towards the east, towards the Snowall mountains, "We
are going to the Mountains everyone."

The sun slowly raised the thin veil of fog that had settled over the valley and
Kris felt the heat warming him up. He sat crossed legged and waited for every
last one of his miners to leave. *Maybe I should play some flute for them...*
he pulled his flute out of his pocket and placed it on his lips, *Now, what
should I play?* he thought, *Maybe something uplifting.* he smiled to himself
and began playing a thunderous melody that uplifted the spirits. Kris could
hear people humming and clapping and tapping as the continued to trickle out of
the mine gate towards the Snowall Mountains.

"Sir!" Gilly came up to him and broke him off his melody, "Everyone's out! Will
you be alright sir?"

Kris smiled as he pocketed his flute and said in a calm, soothing voice, "I'll
be!"

Gilly nodded to him and Kris saw her leave the compound, *Brave little girl.*
he thought to himself as he watched her disappear in the woods at the foothill.
He turned the other way and looked at the southern horizon for any signal from
Freya.*Nothing yet!*

He undid his cloak and took his shirt and felt the silent wind tickle his
scarred torso. He closed his eyes and calmed himself by focusing on his
breathing, *Breath in... Breath out.* The silent wind wisphered the chattering
of his miners from the woods. Kris heard a river flowing somewhere and marching
footsteps from south, *They'll be here soon.* he thought slowly as he continued
to enhance his senses. He heard quiet, nervous whispers of Janna and Arnold and
smelled fear lingering in the air around Snowdale. 

When he opened his eyes, he saw the it. In the distance, a smoke pillar curved
its way up towards the blue sky. His eyes glistened with a bloodlust and he
wrapped his fingers around his staff and lowered himself into an attacking
stance *The Tiger Stance* he had named it, as it was the most devastating. Kris
slowly moved his body and practiced his moves. A layer of trickling sweat
covered his scarred torso and his breathing steadily gained speed. 

Kris flowed from the Tiger to the Turtle Stance with ease and practiced his
defenses, *They'll not know what hit them...* he thought as he continued to
swing the staff-- that slowly felt heavy-- over his head. Kris heard something,
a twig cracking and leaves crumbling in the distance and he turned towards the
source. He narrowed his eyes and saw Freya running frantically through the
woods gazing over her shoulders.

*Hmm* he shook his head and continued to practice his movements. For the
moment, his head was clear and free of Freya's thought. *I'll rip them all
apart.* he thought to himself, placing the staff over his shoulders and
catching a quick breath. His eyes were fixed in the distance, towards Freya.
*It's been a long time.* he smiled with darkness veiling his unusually focused
eyes, *It's been a long time since I've been in a fight.* 

"Kris." Freya screamed when she was within a shouting distance, "They are hear,
a group broke free and..." she gazed over her shoulders and dashed towards him.
Kris got to his feet and calmed himself down, *This is going to be...* he
thought with an evil smile, *Fun.* 

"They are way too many for you to fight alone." Freya said catching her breath,
"Atleast 20 people are coming."

Kris gave her a side ways glanced and continued to focus in the direction Freya
returned from. A group of 20 men dressed in olive green uniform marched in
perfect synchrony, "I'm their Horror." he said calmly. The 20 men saw him and
charged at full speed surrounding him. *Impossible.* Kris thought when he
looked at the crest on their uniform, *It is not possible. They...* he thought
as he looked at the men surrounding the duo. 

"Who are you?" A man, who looked like their captain spoke in a firm voice,
"Surrender and we'll not harm you."

"That crest..." words mumbled out of his mouth, "It can't be." Kris looked at
the men and their weapons. *These are no men.* he thought, *That ain't steel.*
he looked at their weapons that gave a faint blue tint. 

"Who are you?" the man asked indicating one of his men to capture them. A
soldier from Kris' right marched towards him and before he could grab Kris's
shoulders Kris attacked-- cracking open the man's skull with one blow of his
staff.

"I'm your Horror." Kris replied to the captain and swung coaxed his enemy to
attack. The men charged, all at once, in a cordinated manner. Kris moved as he
had practiced and cracked open skulls and dislocating jaws and snapping necks
with his staff, avoiding the sharp blue blade. *Stay away from that blade.* he
thought as he snapped another neck, *Kill them all before they land a blow.*
Kris saw someone approach from the corner of his eye and he raised his staff to
defense but the sword cleanly cut through the staff. Kris stumbled as his staff
broke into two pieces.

Steadying himself he pulled out his flute and impaled the attacker. He dodged
an incoming blow from his left and swung half staff in a furious circle
cracking open the attacker's skull. He looked at the captain who swallowed as
one by one his men collapsed. When the last man fell at Kris's feet, his head
lolling the Captain stumbled back and tried to escape.

"That crest." Kris said grabbing the captain by his throat, "Who are you?"

"We are the 122nd Unit of 5th Legion of the Elven Star."

"Elven Star." Freya repeated from behind Kris and Kris saw her walk calmly
through the field of corpses, "Never heard of them."

Kris looked at her with fury and choked the man to his death. Freya swallowed,
terrified by seeing malice and darkness lurking behind his eyes. Kris closed
his eyes and closed a door inside his mind. When he opened his eyes he saw
corpses all around and Freya standing bravely amongst them. *She's...* Kris
thought as he crumbled to his knees. *She's seen the darkness. And she's
terrified.* 

"Hey." Freya said wrapping her arms around his neck and caressing his hair,
"You were amazing."

Kris pushed tears back and looked up at her, "You think?"

"Yes." Freya looked around and counted, "You killed 23 men all by yourself."

"They are not men!"

"What? What do you mean?" Freya looked at the corpses closely, "I don't see any
different about them."

*You don't know so much about the past.* Kris thought as he got to his and
gazed towards the Village. "Ana!" he called out with worry and dashed towards
the village engulfed in dancing golden flames.

## Chapter 5

<!-- Part 1: Kris looks around the village and sees the destruction. People,
fighters or civilians lay on the ground injured. Kris is afraid. He's afraid to
see Ana injured or worse, gravely injured. Kris finds Janna and Arnold cut up
badly their batons chipped.i 

Part 2: Kris searches for Ana, but is unable to find her. Arnar, the boy who
looked up to kris is dead. A dagger pierced through his heart. Joan has her
throat sliced.  Kris madly searches for Ana but she's nowhere to be found.
Freya, who's at his side tells him to fix Janna and Arnold who were the worst
hit.  Kris mindlessy ties lacerates their wounds and ties bandages. Freya talks
to people and finds out that Ana was taken. Kris breaks down and doesn't know
what to do. Freya picks him up and coax him to find Ana before anything
happens.

Part 3: Kris prepares to leave Snowdale in search of Ana. He visits Janna and
Arnold and appoint them as the interim leaders of the village. Gilly is made
incharge of the mining operations as Kris rememebers to reward her skills.
Freya joins Kris in his quest and the duo make their way out of the Snowdale
towards Moonspire the closest and the largest city near Snowdale.

Important things to note: 
	1. Kris often visits Moonspire to sell off extracted Vumirium
	2. The villagers have never visited the city because of treacherous
	   journey. The Journey takes 7 days and the traveller needs to walk
through the mountainous terrain of Snowall mountain. Snowdale sits in a valley!
	3. How was it settled? Snowdale was a bandits valley. Kris arrived and
	   brought order to the valley. 
	4. Janna, Arnold were born in the village. Kris brought Freya and her
	   father into the village on his way back from Moonspire. Everyone has
noticed that Kris doesn't age. Ana was found in the mean streets of Moonspire
when she was a girl of 8 (Apparently she was trained as a spy at a very early
age in Ana's arc we'll explore how Ana was made a spy and what she was doing in
Moonspire.)	

Part 4: Kris' discovery of Snowdale, his fight with the bandit gang, the death
of Bandit leader and formation of Snowdale -->

Kris felt the heat from the raging flames on his face. He reached for Freya's
hands and grasped them tightly in his. *No. No. No.* he thought with panic, *I
should have fought them outside.* He broke into a sprint and snaked his way
through the streets of Snowdale. 

All around him his people lay broken. Some had lost an eye and others were
bleeding from the ears as a blade-- the blue blade-- cut through the muscle
cleanly. A few of his miners writhed in pain from the burn scars that they had
sustained.

"What happened?" Freya said in a soothing voice that did not comfort him.

"They all..." Kris tried to find the right words, "This all happened because of
me!"

Freya inched closer to him and ran her soft hands along his cheeks and said in
a soft, comforting pitch, "You didn't do this, Kris. The 5th Legion did." Tears
formed in his eyes and grabbed Freya's hands, *I was not competent.* he wanted
to say but no voice come out.

"Let's find Ana!" Freya reminded him about the little girl he loved to bring
him back from his sorrow.

"Ana!" Kris steeled his mind and pushed the overwhelming pain he felt away and
dashed towards his house. *I shouldn't have left her behind. I was focused on
the mines and I made mistakes.*

"Freya," Kris stopped and turned around, "What if..." a teardrop formed in her
eyes, "What if Ana's injured?" he tried to keep the image of a lacerated, burnt
Ana away from his mind, "What if she's dead?"

Freya embraced him in a warm hug and helped strengthen his resolve, "If that
happens," she gave him a gentle kiss on his forehead, "They'll see Kris' fury.
Don't worry, you have given her a sword! Our little Ana is smart enough to
defend herself!"

"I..." Kris choked and Freya held him in her arms. He wiped the tears that
welled in his eyes and continued to wind down the street. The smell of ash and
charred hair filled the air and Kris' heart with extruciating pain. Kris
stopped again and held his heart, *All this... All this destruction... This
death...* his eyes lost their focus.

"Kris."  Freya's voice brought him back to reality and he found himself
standing in front of the deposits.

Kris looked around and found Janna and Arnold, sharing a cigarette, their
bodies lacerated and their wounds oozing a stream of blood, *How can they be
sharing a moment like that?* Kris thought as he approached the two.

"Kris." Janna said holding her neck with one hand and a cigarette with another,
"We couldn't..." she tried to complete her sentence but pain flooded her
senses.

"We couldn't protect the deposits." Arnold took the cigarette from Janna took a
deep puff. Kris glared at them and took the cigarette from his hands and
crushed it on the ground.

"Where's Ana?" Kris asked. His heart thumped nervously against his chest as he
waited for their answers. His mind raced away quickly and flashed visions of
Ana's corpse. 

"We..." Janna tried to speak up, "We don't know."

*No. No. No.* his mind escaped his control, *I've lost her. I've lost another.
I should have brought he with me. I should have fought them before they could
pillage the village. I should have equipped them better. I should have trained
them better... Ana.*

"Kris." Freya placed her soft hands on his shoulders and pulled him back from
his grief once again, "You need to treat them."

"But..." Kris looked at his hands, "Ana..."

"Ill go look for her." Freya said squeezing her hands, "You treat their
wounds!" Kris looked at Janna and Arnold bleeding to their death and he wiped
the tears from his eyes and found courage once again.

---

Kris had cleaned the wound and gave them a strong anesthetic derived from tree
bark. Aitken a small boy had come to help Kris upon Freya's request and Kris
ordered the little boy to make the antispetic paste.

Kris had started a small fire in the makeshift hospice and had placed his flute
to in the burning wood, "Where should I place them?" Ricky a miner who had
disappeared in the mountain with Gilly pointed at the injured villagers who
were too weak to move or were unconscious.

"There!" Kris pointed towards a cloth spread by the window, "I'll need more
people to make the antiseptic paste, Aitken will teach them how." Ricky nodded
and left. A few moments later Gilly appeared with a small group of miners and
officers and Aitken showed them the process. 

*Save them,* Kris maintained focus on treating the injured, *Janna and Arnold
are indispensible.* 

The fire had raged and turned the flute red-hot, Kris picked it with open hands
and cauterized the wounds that Janna and Arnold had sustained. Kris looked
around and saw Gilly staring at him with open mouth.

"I'm insensitive to heat." Kris said as he placed the flute back into the fire.

"Sir," Gilly approached him, "How can I be of help?"

*Ana.* Kris thought, *Should I send her looking for Ana? No!* "Go around the
village and prepare a detailed report about the damage." Gilly nodded, "I want
someone who can help me with this, send for the mines doctor."

"Okay." Gilly gave him a quick hug and left him with the a team of untrained
men and women creating antiseptic paste. 

"Sir," Aitken said, "Does this look good?" Kris walked towards him and looked
at the consistency of the paste that he had made. *It's not perfect. But it's
not bad!* 

"This is good!" Kris said, "Come with me!" he ordered the boy, "Bring the
paste."

Kris stood next to Janna how was in a state of comatose and took the bowl of
paste from Aitken who stood opposite him, "Now," Kris said digging his fingers
into the bowl, "I'm going to teach you how to apply antiseptic paste. When you
understand this, I want you to take a couple of them outside and treat anyone
who's only mildly injured. Do you understand?" The boy nodded and Kris
continued to walk him through the methodology of treating injuries with
Antiseptic.

"Always make sure you've cleaned the wounds," Kris said, "Do you understand?"

"Keep the paste should form a thin layer on the wound." Kris explained, "This
will make the wound breathe air and heal faster. Do you understand?" 

"Take this, apply it over here!" he asked the little boy to show what he had
learned. *Good! He can become a fine doctor.* 

"Kris?" an old man with balding head an unkempt beard walked in through the
door, "Gilly sent me!"

"I'll need you to start treating that batch!" he pointed towards the patients
who were lying unconscious on the floor by the window, "I hope you know what to
do!" the doctor nodded and got to his work, "When you need to cauterize th
wound, call me!"

"Kris!" Freya had walked in through the door Kris' felt fear wrap his mind.

Kris looked at Freya's beautiful form and for a moment he forgot about his
worries, "Did you find her?"

"Kris," Freya held his hands in hers, "You did a great job, you did everything
you could..."

"No." Kri said, "She can't be dead!"

"No," Freya calmed him, "She was taken by the Legion." *No. No. No...* Kris
thought as he crumbled to the ground, his men, his soldiers looked at him with
anxiety and worry, *I lost her. I shouldn't have fallen in Love.* he looked at
Freya and a part of him smiled.

"I lost her." Kris thought, "I lost my little Ana."

"Kris," Freya ran her fingers through his black, matted hair, "You need keep
yourself together. We need to find her and bring her back. She's not lost,
Kris, till you give up! You are Kris.You are their Horror."

"No!" Kris thought, "I can't be! I can't be that person."

"Kris," Freya said in a soothing yet commanding voice, "We need to bring your
little Ana back!"

"What should I do?"

"Let's head out! Let us find them." Freya held his cheeks between her palms,
"I'm a good hunter. We can track them down and we can recover Ana."

---

Kris found Arnar's body lying on the bed with a sword jutting through his
chest. *They killed him as well.* Kris thought as he tried to keep tears from
welling in his eyes, *He died idealizing me... I couldn't even project him.*
Kris pulled the flute from his pocket played a lamenting melody to mourne,
Arnar and Joan's death. 

By the time the melody crescendoed, Freya had come with a a bag hanging on her
back and a staff that she had fashioned out of a relatively straight branch.
Kris wiped the small droplets of tears that had formed in his eyes and gave
Freya a sad smile, *I couldn't protect them...* He thought as he mindlessly
packed hard bread, apples and some salt and pepper in his bag. He looked around
and pulled the sword free Arnar's chest and wrapped it in leather sheet. 

"You should call someone perform the final rituals." Freya told Kris in a
soothing voice from her favorite place by the hearth. Kris nodded and went out
to call a miner named Hark.

"Were you friends with Arnar?" Kris asked Hark as he walked in through the
door. He shook his head as Kris led him towards the blood-drenched body, "Do
you know someone who were friends with him?" 

"Yes!" Hark nodded. Kris heard Hark's stomach churn.

"Good! Find them." Kris looked at Freya who was getting up on her feet. He
looked around the house and gave it one final look, "Give him proper farewell."
Kris handed the keys of his door to Hark and the three left in silence. Kris
found Gilly organizing the men and ordering them around.

"Gilly," a young miner walked up to her, "We've found another! He was trapped
inside his house as it burned."

"Why are you telling me that?" Gilly said angrily, "Get that man to the
infirmary. Ricky, Inform the doctor about this man, now!"

*She's a natural.* Kris thought as he walked up to her, *I can leave the
village in her hands.*

"Sir!" Gilly blushed pink and stood up straight. Her eyes moved to avoid gazing
into Kris' passion filled eyes.

"Gilly," Kris said putting an arm around her shoulders, *I need to show a calm
face. I need to show strength.* "I'm going to find those who took my little
Ana." Kris placed a finger under her chin and raised her head, "Here's what you
are going to do!

"I want you to take care of the mining operations, get the mines up and
running. There can be more attacks while I'm away, I want you to find strong
willed men who can take up arms. And make them work extra hard in the mines. I
want them to build their physique. There are a bunch of swords in the mine
compound, send someone and bring them back to the Deposits."

"Sir, I can make the work extra hard in mines, but we don't know how to handle
the swords."

"Look out for someone named Maya. I'll be sending her to train soldiers. Tell
the doctor to treat Janna and Arnold with extra attention. I want them to be
trained in Swords." Kris looked at Gilly's eager eyes, *Should I tell her about
smelting weapons?* Kris thought for a moment, *No.* 

"Anything else sir?" Gilly asked.

"You are doing a good job Gilly. I'm impressed." He pulled Gilly in an embrace
and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead, "I make you interim Head of
Snowdale."

"You think she can do it?" Freya asked as the two crossed the edges of the
Snowdale village into the icy wilderness of the north

"We'll find out!" Kris gave a small, hopeful smile.

## Chapter 6

<!--
Part 1:
	1. Kris and Freya reach the outskirts of the Moonspire an industrial
	   city/empire. They could see the smoke rising beyond the final peaks of
	   the Snowall mountains. 
	2. The Moonspire is a surrounded by acres of green field, where farmers
	   till the soil and toil to produce crop. Beyond the farm lands lies
	   Moonspire surrounded by black walls
	3. This part is all about the journey to the Moonspire. They are travelling
	   with a band of merchants who venture into the north in order to find
	   exotic game
	4. Freya and Kris share a moment where Freya kisses Kris' cheeks. Kris
	   loves Freya but doesn't want to confess as he firmly believes loving
	   will result in death.

Part 2:
	1. Kris and Freya are inside the City Walls, Kris notices a lot of soldiers
	   wearing the Elven Star Crest. He doesn't know what's going on. So he
	   decides to Pay the King of Moonspire a visit
	2. King of Moonspire and Kris have age old relations and King of Moonspire
	   says that the Elven Star legion are paying him enough that he doesn't
	   need to bend against Vumirian might and he'll keep them around.
	3. Frustrated by King's pride and greed Kris leaves the Palace.

Part 3:
	1. Kris and Freya visit Maya next, she's an old friend of Kris'. She tells
	   him to accept his past, to move on. To accept the emotions that burn
	   underneath him. Kris asks about Elven Star Legion and finds out that
	   they've a firm grasp over Moonspire and are planning to take control
	   away from the King. She also tells about Growing Elven Influence over
	   the Continent. 
	2. Kris asks Maya about slave trade and where can he find his little Anna.
	   She tells him that the slaves are generally traded in Old Capital. They
	   Old Capital dukes are espcially hungry for virigin girls. 
	3. Kris requests Maya to go to the Snowdale and train his people in martial
	   skills. Sword fighting, Archery and strategic planning.
	4. Maya agrees to do it for old times' sake.
-->

The wagon jolted Kris from his sleep as it rolled to a sudden stop. The mule
that pulled the wagon lathered and refused to continue, "Let's stop." The
merchant who drove the wagon said in an annoyed voice.

Kris stopped stretching when he realised Freya was resting her head on his
shoulders. *She looks...* Kris thought as his heart skipped a beat, *Absolutely
beautiful.* He tucked a loose strand of her brown hair behind her ears and
caressed her soft cheeks, "Freya..." he said softly.

She groaned and slowly woke up, "Are we there yet?" Freya looked confused, "How
long have I slept?" she looked around, "Last I remember we were a few days out
of Snowdale..." Kris looked at her with astonishment and laughed out loud.

"That was a week back!" Kris said getting out of the wagon and stretching his
legs, "We are a day or so away from Moonspire."

"Kris!" the merchant called from head of the caravan. 

"I'll be right back," Kris said breaking a knuckle. He strode towards the head
of the caravan and waited patiently for the merchant to finish watering the
tired mules. Kris twisted his face with irritation and regretted having hitched
a ride to Moonspire for Freya and himself. *She was tired of walking...* Kris
thought to himself as he watched the pot bellied merchant feed the mules.

"Pay up." the merchant put on of his hand forward and the other on his hips.
Kris sighed and pulled out a small Vumirium coin from his pocket and handed it
to him. 

The merchant bit the coin and licked it to examine the authenticity of the
coin. *He doesn't even know how to test Vumirium...* Kris sighed and waited for
the merchant to pocket it. "Looks good to me! Who are you again? How did you
find Vumirium?"

"Does it matter?" Kris said turning on his heels and walking towards Freya who
had just dropped out of the wagon and was stretching her legs. 

"I don't want any trouble," the merchant said from behind, "Find food for the
caravan." *I'm not your servant...* Kris was about to blurt out but he let his
anger evaporate and raised his thumb in acknowledgement.

"I don't like him." Freya said as Kris approached. Around them the servants and
employees that the pot bellied merchant had hired were setting up camp. He
could hear children cackling and twigs cracking. A couple of merchants took
giggling whores away from the camp into the darkness of the forest that
surrounded them. 

Kris noticed a heavy-set mercanary eyeing Freya, *I dare you touch her.* he 
thought as came to stop right in front of her, "I don't like the lot."

"I'm hungry." Freya said rubbing her belly, "It's getting cold." Kris took his
dark black cloak off and handed it to Freya. The cold wind prickled his torso
and calmed him. *Ana,* he thought, *I'm coming...* 

"Let's go!" Freya called from the northen edge of the camp and Kris joined her.
The cackling of children, the sound of swords rattling and whores moaning
erotically slowly disappeared. Kris' eyed adjusted to the encompassing
darkness. Kris looked up the see purple slowly pushing the orange out of the
sky. 

"It'll be night soon." Kris said.

"I know!" Freya said as she let an arrow loose, "Found game already."

*She's terrifying.* Kris thought as watched Freya observe her surroundings for
a brief moment before loosing another arrow. *She's...* Kris stopped his
thought before it could form and shifted his focus back on retrieving Ana.

"Will she be alright?" Kris said loudly.

"Ana?" Freya retrieved the kill and continued to walk deeper into the forest.
"Ofcourse! She's a strong girl."

*I hope they don't ...* Kri shook his head to let the ugly thought disappear,
"I'll burn this whole world down..." he muttered incomprehensively.

"We'll find her soon!" Freya said as she shot a small rabbit racing towards it
burrow. Something moved in the corner of his eyes and Kris picked up a long,
branch from the ground, "What is it?" Freya asked.

"Someone's following us." Kris whispered almost inaudibly. 

"Do you think the merchant..."

"Yes!" Kris thought as he tighened his grip around the makeshift shaft, "He
wants the vumirium."

A twig cracked and then another. Whoever was following approached without
making any attempt to conceal their presence. Kris relaxed himself, *No... I
cannot. It'll take time...* Someone giggled and the mercenary who was eyeing
Freya broke out from the darkness of the woods with a giggling, naked whore.

"Seems like this is occupied." the whore chuckled. Kris looked over his
shoulders and found Freya blushing pink.

The mercenary looked at Freya with lust and the disappeared back into the woods
with the woman. 

"Let's go." Freya said holding 4 large game in her hands.Kris took them from
her and together they walked back towards the camp the merchant had quickly
setup. He handed the game to the caravan cook who thanked them for their
services. *What a nice fellow.* Kris thought and found Freya still
blushing20:11 redeploy.log -rwxrwxrwx 1 rshah rshah        478 Sep 10 01:47
script.sh

pink.

---

"That was delicious!" Freya told chewing the final pieces of the food the cook
had served. Kris agreed as he dumped the bones in the ground and got up to
stretch his legs. The gentle breeze that flowed through the thicket chilled him
and he wrapped his jacket around him. *It is getting cold...* he thought. He
looked at Freya and smiled inside for a brief moment. 

"We'll leave at the break of dawn." The merchant told as he drank water from
his skin and passed it around, "Marco." he looked around. The mercanary who had
been eyeing Freya, a man with barrel shaped chest and a scar running across his
cheeks broke free from th whore and waited for his ordered. "You'll be on the
guard duty tonight." the merchant said. 

"Let's go!" Kris offered his hands to Freya and pulled her up to her feet. Kris
saw her turn pink at the simple gesture. *She's just so...* Kris tried to find
a word that described Freya but failed, *Special.*

He led Freya through the camp and into the woods. Crickets chirped and a snake
slithered somewhere close. Kris allowed his eyes to adjust to the darkness and
found Freya stumbling behind him. He held her shoulders and steadied her as he
led her through the woods. 

"What are you trying to do Kris?" she asked. Kris felt her blushing in the
dark. *That is not what... Oh never mind.* he thought to himself.

"Tonight," Kris said as he took of his cloak and wrapped it around Freya. He
found an almost straight branch and started whittling it down with a knife he
had smuggled out of the camp. "Tonight, we'll be attacked! They want to steal
the Vumirium."

"Why do you think it'll happen tonight?" Freya asked finding a stump to sit on.

"Think about it..." Kris examined the branch again, "We've been on guard duty
every night. Why did the merchant order Marco to be the guard tonight?"

"Maybe," Freya said scratching her chin, "He's being nice to us!"

Kris looked up and chuckled, "You think?"

"Okay maybe he's  not being nice..." Freya shrugged, "But why does he want to
steal Vumirium?"

"Freya, Honey," Freya blushed at being called honey, "Vumirium is precious... A
single coin is worth a 1000 Moonspire Marks... That's about 100 times more that
a gold coin of similar shape."

Kris noticed Freya's eyes widen and her jaw drop, "Really? Why?"

"There are so many reasons for Vumirium's worth," Kris began explaining,
"First-- it is because of Vumirism. People have connected  this metal to Lord
Vumir and the worth has sky rocketed. Second-- Vumirium has special
metallurgical properties, it doesn't erode, it doesn't react or rust. It is
extremely easy to work on and it retains lustre better than Gold and Silver--
that also explains why Vumirian Church has associated the metal to Lord Vumir.

"It is believed that Lord Vumir had mined the metal himself and casted a
Vumirium goblet-- The one they have kept in the Vumirian Church-- and a ring
that he gave to the King of Vumiria.

"Lastly-- the worth of Vumirium is in it's supply. Majority of Vumirium in
circulation had been mined over a thousand years ago, during the time of Lord
Vumir himself. The extreme rarity of the metal has been the reason why it is so
expensive."

"That explains why we were attacked."

"No. It doesn't." Kris explained, "No one knows that we mine Vumirium. No one
knows about the size of our deposits. How did the attackers, the 5th Legion of
the Elven Star know? Only a few merchants in the Moonspire Court know about
me..." Kris heard someone approach. *He's being careful this time.* Kris smiled
in the darkness and got to his feet and formed a shield in front of Freya.

"I'm not going to be much help." she whispered from behind, "I can barely see
you." *That never occured... How can he see?* Kris thought as he waited for the
mercanary to break into the glade.

Kris tightened his grip around the staff that he had carved and calmed himself,
"Marco." Kris challenged the mercenary who slowly became visible. "You are
going to be seriously handicapped here-- in this darkness." 

"Kristopher -- the Impaler." he called and Kris went stiff at being called the
Impaler. *It has been a long time since I've been called the Impaler.* he
thought.

"Who are you?" Kris asked with nervous energy. Marco circled the Kris and Freya
and smiled.

"Did you forget already?" Marco pulled out a Blue Blade from it's scabbard,
"You did this." he pointed at his scar with his Blade.

"It can't be!" Kris swallowed.

"You thought I died?" Marco gave a throaty laugh, "We are the same, Impaler."

"We are not!" Kris fell into an attacking stance and kept the staff in front of
him, "You use that cursed blade."

"What about you Impaler?" Marco readied himself, "What about that cursed Flute?
What about the Blood that stains your Flute? What about Riptide."

"That is my past." Kris steeled himself, "I've given up Riptide."

"You know where it is." Marco lowered himself in a weird stance, *Riptide.*
Kris itched for the sword that he had buried a long time ago. A darkness formed
in his heart a darkness that could enjoyed killing. *No. I'm not that person.
Not anymore. I've Ana, I've Freya.*

"I'm going to kill you."

"Yes!" Marco said, "That is who you are. A killer. An Impaler."

---

Kris towered over the lacerated Marco, "How are you still alive?" Kris pressed
his flute against Marco's throat.

Marco laughed and blood splurted out of his mouth, "You are a killer." A thing
line of blood dripped down the side of his mouth, "Go ahead, do what you do
best!"

"How are you still alive?" Kris asked again.

"Impaler," Marco gave a strained laugh, "Death looms over you."

Kris turned around to look at Freya who had been shocked by the events that had
transpired, *Love summons Death. Everytime.* Kris looked at Freya with sorrow
filling the empty space in his heart. 

"Good bye old friend." Kris held Marco's angry red eyes and slowly pierced his
heart with his flute. Blood oozed from the puncture and pooled around him.
Marco laughed and coughed blood. 

"We'll meet soon." Marco said. Kris recalled the day, the fateful day when he
had met Marco and tears pooled in his eyes as he waited for the death of an old
friend. *How many times do I have to kill people I've held close.* Kris crashed
to ground and sobbed uncontrollably. Marco gave a final laugh before lying
still as a log of wood.

*How many times have I killed?* his mind looked for an answer, *I cannot even
count them all...* he sobbed and gasped for air. A heavy stone churned inside
his stomach and threw back the dinner he had. *Why?* he thought. A grim thought
crossed his mind, *Maybe I deserve to die?* he looked at his flute and tried to
make up his mind, *Maybe I should Impale myself...* 

"Kris..." he heard Freya's distant voice calling him, "Kris?" her voice
tremored with worry and confusion.

"Freya..." he could feel her soft hands running through his head. He could
smell her sweet, earthy smell. *Love... Death... Murder...* He felt her soft
bosom warming up his cold cheeks.

"Kris..." Freya purred softly in his ears, "Ana needs you."

"Ana..." a light pushed the growing darkness in his heart and he wiped his
tears, *Ana.* Kris gave a half smile as he recalled a particularly mischievious
prank Ana pulled on him. He wrapped his fingers around the bloodied flute and
pulled it out from Marco's chest. *I can die someother time.*

"Kris..." Freya was standing on her feet a few steps away and looked nervous,
"What are we going to do now?"

"Nothing." Kris said walking towards the camp, "We go back to the camp."

Freya stretched her arms and locked it with Kris and the two marched silently
towards the busy camp. The Fire had illuminated the dark forest and casted
dancing shadows all around. Kris felt the heat from fire warm him up and he
undid his coat and wrapped it around Freya. A musician -- who had joined the
caravan recently sang a playful song. His sweet voice and cheerful melody
calmed Kris down as he took a seat on a log opposite to the merchant who
shifted in his seat.

"Where is Marco?" merchant sparked a conversation as the musician fiddled on
his lute.

Kris looked at the merchant once and turned his attention back to the dancing
flames. Merchant swallowed deeply and withdrew with his mercenaries to his
tent. Kris looked over his shoulders and found Freya looking anxiously at the
fire. He took her cold hand in his and gave it a gentle squeeze. She looked at
him with conerned eyes, "What?"

"Kris?" Freya asked resting her head on his shoulders.

"Yes?"

Freya didn't say a word and Kris didn't push her *She wants to know about the
Impaler...* he let the dancing melody wash his sorrow away. The weight of
Freya's head calmed him and her soft hands gave him strength that Riptide never
offered. *Riptide* his hand itched and he squeezed Freya's hand a little
harder.

## Chapter 7

<!--
Part 1:

Freya and Kris finally enter through the city walls. The city wall is heavily
guarded by soldiers wearing Black uniform. The wore a cresent shaped crest on
their shoulders and carried bronze sword on their hips.

Kris tells Freya last time he had come to Moonspire it was not heavily guarded
and soldiers did not carry weapons. They had cudgels and staff to keep the
crowd in check. (Kris had visited Moonspire 6 months back. Last time he had
sold more vumirium in the black market.)

Kris and Freya eat Moonspire delicacy in a local pub. Kris notices that people
have changed. Their attitudes have changed they are more aggressive.
(The thugs are more aggressive/Commoners feel angry.)

Kris and Freya find themselves a room to rest. They share a bed together.
Next Morning Kris and Freya go out to meet Maya. 

Kris and Maya talk about their past. Maya tells Kris to let the past go. He is
not responsible for it. Kris remains silent. Maya tells Kris that he should 
embrace what life has given-- Freya.

Kris tells Maya that he had a bout with Marco. Maya says, things are changing 
dead are returning (basically the people from their shared past are coming...)
Kris should be careful. 

------------- Side comment --------------
- Kris, Maya, Marco, Brock, Georgia and Valerie  fought side by side
- Georgia, Marco's wife is killed buy Kris in an accident.
- Marco swears he'll avenge her and has been after Kris for Eons.
- All this happens When Kris had taken the identity of a soldier in Vumirian
before he came to Snowdale
- Marco and Kris fight. Kris defeats Marco. Kris believes he has killed Marco
and mourns. He gives up his sword to Valerie who takes it away for safekeeping
Brock takes to sea. Maya settles in Moonspire and Kris establishes Snowdale.
- Marco, who Kris thought had died is alive and he hunts for Kris across the
continent, training himself and establishing a band of sellswords.
- Valerie gives birth to Vanessa-- Who inherits Kris' sword Riptide
-->

Kris was awake when the sun had began to push the darkness of the night with
it's light, infact he didn't sleep like always. Freya shuffled next to him as 
he gently ran his fingers through her hair, *She's so...* his thought were cut
off by the sound of the metal utensils clinging together as the cook prepared
for breakfast.

"Good morning Kris!" he said as he passed by. 

*Riptide...* Kris thought as his fingers itched to grasp his sword. Sighing, 
he got to his feet and took the staff and walked away towards the rare. 

*It needs a name.* Kris walked slowly into the forest, croutching. He had
carved the staff during the night in hope of getting rid of the severe itch he
felt in his hands.

Kris stopped short when he realized he had aimlessly wandered in the glade
where he fought Marco. *Old Friend.* he looked at the cold, blue corpse and
a tear swelled in his eyes. *I'm sorry...* Kris knelt besides the mercenary,
*I'm sorry for everything I did.* He sighed and began digging a grave for the 
one lost in the glade. 

*What should I name it?* he thought as he continued to go deeper into the
ground. He focused on the name and grave to push back at the flood of memories
that wanted to crash against him and destroy. His hands itched as the continued
to dig with his bare hands. *What should I name it?* he thought again.

*Nightglade.* he thought as he carefully dropped Marco into the grave and 
filled it up. *Nightglade.* he wrapped his fingers around the straight, smooth
staff and swung it around him with a flourish.

*Nightglade.* he thought as he felt the center of mass of the wooden staff.

He nodded to himself and started back towards the camp, covered in a thin, 
twinkling sheen of sweat. *Freya.* he thought with a smile and then raised an
eyebrow, *When did thought of Ana got replaced by Freya's?* he sighed, *I 
still need to save my little Ana.* growing frustrated. 

*Freya.* he thought again when he saw Freya's beautiful brown hair dancing
behind her as she stretched and looked around the camp, "Kris." she called out
when she saw him coming towards her. Kris' felt an surge of emotion in his
heart and for an instance he forgot about Ana. *No. focus on Ana.* he wrapped
her hands around her, *I need to save her.*

"What is wrong with you?" Freya said with a raised eyebrow, "You look all 
twisted and wound up?"

"Nothing," *I'm falling in love with you, when I'm desperately trying to save
my little Ana...* he wrapped her arms around her shoulder and got in line
behind a young boy waiting to get his first meal of the day.

---

The city walls were finally visible. Kris decided to get off the cart and walk
the final lap. "Stop." he knocked on the wagon wall and the driver rolled it to
stop.

"What are you doing?" Freya asked wrapping Kris' cloak tightly around her 
shoulders.

"I'm going to walk the final lap." he said looking towards Moonspire.
*Something doesn't feel right here.* he thought to himself. The sky over the
city was shroudded with dark black clouds. Kris stared across the distance
and found the black wall that enclosed the city between itself and the 
crescent shaped mountain jotted with soldiers. *Hmm.* he thought scratching 
his beard. 

The caravan continued to roll towards the city and Kris followed on foot, 
"You'll tire yourself." Freya called out lifting the cloth at the mouth of the
wagon up and peeking out. 

"Don't worry." he said as continued to walk, flourishing it with his staff.
*Nightglade.* As the caravan came closer to city Kris was once agains stunned
by the shear size of the towering wall that rose over fifty feet.

"That is huge." Freya said jumping out of the moving wagon, "Who built it?"

"It was built by the first King of Moonspire." Kris said *Why are there so 
many soldiers?* 

"What is the story?" Freya sighed, drawing Kris's attention.

"Moonspire was constantly sacked by Vumirian soldiers." Kris said, "Every
summer the Vumirian soldiers would match up north and would sack the fertile
lands of Moonspire and it granaries looted."

"King Mane, the first King of Moonspire, ordered his engineers to design a 
wall that would thwart the attaks by Vumirian soldiers. The engineers worked
day and night and over the course of a chilly winter erected that wall."

Kris paused for a dramatic effect, "That wall stood against the Vumirian 
attacks for decades and centuries, before it finally crumbled with the advent
of modern, strategic warefare." 

"But it still stands..." Freya interjected.

"Yes it stands." Kris nodded, "But the proud city that once stood against 
Vumirian might fell under the Vumirian Crown once and for all." 

Kris let that story sink in. He continued to inspect the caravans that moved
towards the city from different directions. *I count ten. Most of them bear 
Moonspire Flag. That one bears Vumirian Flag.* Kris thought with a raised 
eyebrow. *What is going on?*

"Come!" he grabbed Freya hands and launched into a light jog towards the 
caravan that raied Vumirian flag.

"What's wrong Kris?" Freya asked, "All our stuff is in the cart."

"Something is going wrong with Moonspire."

"What do you mean?" he pressed his finger on his lips and silenced Freya
for further questions. *Listen.* he mouthed as he approached the head of the 
Vumirian Caravan.

"We are King's Envoy." a slender man wearing Vumirian colors of blue said,
"We've come here to collect the taxes that are due."

"Sir," the guard said in a commanding voice, "We cannot let you through 
right now. You do not have the necessary documentation."

"What documentation?" the Vumirian Ambassodor sounded angry, "We are King's 
Envoy."

"Sir," the guard swallowed, "We are struggling to keep up with the immigration,
and we've passed a new regulation. Every caravan that enters through will need
a written application signed by the nearest Moonspire bureaucrat."

"We are King's Envoy."

Kris led Freya back to their caravan, "That was lie." she said.

"Yes."

"But why?"

"They are rebelling." Kris shook his head and joined their caravan as it waited
in queue behind the Vumirian Envoy.

---

Kris looked around the city and observed the darkness that had slowly gathered
over the city and settled in people's heart. He looked at the hawker, trying 
to sell an apple to a passer by with desperation. "Sir." the hawker called,
"Please buy one apple. It'll be very helpful."

He noted the divide between the ordinary and the rich. *What has happened to
this place?* Kris thought. 

"Where do you want to go?" Freya asked from his side.

A soldier passed them by carrying a sword on his hips. *They never had swords.* 
Kris recalled the last time he had been to Moonspire-- a year back-- the 
soldiers carried a flexible baton, good for maintaining peace by not to kill.

"Kris..." Freya tappe lightly on his shoulders, "Are you okay?" 

*Forget about this place.* Kris told himself, *It is not your responsibility.*
"Yes!" Kris held Freya's soft hands reflexively and led her through the crowded
streets. "Let's eat something first."

He weaaved through the swarm of people, rich and poor, weak and powerful, 
soft and brutal with ease. *Don't let Freya see the brutality.* he quickly
cornered into a narrower street when he felt a heated fight breaking out.

"Kris." Freya called. Kris ignored her sweet voice and continued winding down
the streets, taking one sharp turn after another.

"We are here." he pointed towards a small shop sequestered between two storied
buildings on either side. The canvas awning provided it an air of secrecy. 

"What is that place?" Freya asked as the crossed the street, hand in hand.

"That is a restaurant." Kris said, "I personally know the owner. He owes me a
favor or two."

Kris pushed the door open and walked inside. It took Kris a heartbeat to 
adjust to the ambience lit by candles. A fire roared at the far end and warmed
the inn from within. The door closed behind and shut the sunlight out. Kris
helped Freya take off the cloak and the two took a quiet corner.

Usually the inn bustled with rowdy customers, asking for more beer. But today,
the inn was silent and they were the only customers. Someone shuffled behind
the counter and few moments later Kris was welcomed by a smiling face of an 
old man with over grown, tangled beard, "Kris." he clapped his hands together
and made his way around the counter.

"Maxie." Kris took the man in an embrace, "How are you?"

"Meh," Maxie shrugged, "Surviving. Haven't seen you around for a while Kris."

"Yes." Kris said nodding, "I just came to the city."

"How is this beautiful lass?" Maxie pointed his thumb at Freya, "Your wife?"

Kris looked at Freya and saw her cheeks turn pink, "No." he felt blood rushing
to his ears.  "A friend."

"Well." Maxie shruggged, "It good to see you back Kris."

"Why is the inn empty this time of the day?" Kris gestured around him.

"Things are changing Kris." Maxie said with a solemn face and a heavy voice,
"A darkness has taken hold."

"What is happening, Maxie." he asked the innkeeper to sit.

"The King's gone mad, I tell you." Maxie said with frustration, "He thinks he 
can rebel against Vumiria." Kris exchanged a look with Freya, "He wants more 
power, Kris. No good will come out of it. I tell you."

"Why does he rebel against Vumiria?" 

"Well, I tell you, why he rebels," Maxie said exchanging glances, "He thinks,
Moonspire is meant to be free, like it was in the past. His maddess is fanned 
by him getting more and more weapons at cheaper prices.

"A blue sword would cost you less than a meal." Maxie shook his head, "It is
madness. People are going around cutting their enemies, seeking revenge 
and all."

"Blue sword?" Kris asked. 

"Yes." Maxie shook his head, "A year back, Moonspire engineers came up with 
a method to cast a sword as good as a forged steel sword."

"Oh." Kris said, *Moonspire Engineers? Really?*

"What do you want to eat Kris?" Maxie asked getting up to his feet.

"The usual." Maxie nodded and went behind the counter and into the kitchen.

"So the Blue sword," Freya asked in a hushed voice, "The attackers had back
home were forged here?"

"Seems like that." Kris nodded.

"So Ana could be around in this town?"

"I doubt." Kris said, "The men were wearing Elven Star crest. I think,
Elven Star legion is some how involved with the Moonspire king.

"The Moonspire engineers cannot have discovered a way to cast blue sword on 
their own. The aren't very good, that's why the city police carried batons."

"Ana," Kris said, "She's not here. I can almost feel it."

"So what are we going to do?" 

"We need to figure out Elven Star's base camp."

Maxie came out from the kitchen carrying a bowl in both his arms and placed it
in front of the duo, "Boiled potatoes in a broth, spiced with exotic black 
pepper."

"Black Pepper?" Kris took in the steam and sneezed, "Fancy. Thank you Maxie."

"This," Kris said pointing at the bowl with his spoon, "is my favourite."

Freya cooled a spoonful by blowing some air on it, "It's hot."

## Chapter 8

<!--

1. Kris and Freya Share a room. Kris struggles with his emotions.
2. Kris and Freya visit Maya. Kris tell her about his reason to visit. Ana
Maya tells Ana is not her as she knows of no caravan that comes her. She
should probably in Vumiria. Kris tells Maya to go to snowdale and teach his
people how to fight and how to defend themselves.
   a. Maya is an old woman with silver hair
   b. Maya is strong and agile
   c. Maya carries a walking cane that doubles as a weapon
4. Maya, Kris and Freya discuss about escalating conditions between
Moonspire and Vumiria
   a. Maya suggests Elven Star 5th legion is supporting the King of Moonspire
   b. Maya tells the King of Moonspire wants to be the King of Vumiria
   c. Maya tells the Elven Star are helping Moonspire cast the Blue Sword
   d. Maya hands Kris a Blue Sword for further examination
4. Kris Swings it around and feels the Blue Sword. Kris feels the sword pulling
violence out of him.Tugging him to hack the sword around and kill
5. Maya tells him it is made of Aldervarium
   a. Aldervarium is a newly discovered magical element
   b. Elven Star Legion mines it
   c. Elven Star Legion uses it to equip the Moonspire Soldiers
6. Kris is worried about his people as he's left a ton of swords behind. Kris
urges Maya to make haste towards the Snowdale.
7. Freya and Kris leave. Maya tells Kris to let his past go and accept the
present. Accept his love for Freya.
8. Maya tells Kris that he needs Riptide if he's to save Ana. Kris disagrees

-->

"What are we going to do now?" Freya asked suppressing a burp. Kris scanned the
surroundings and found people carrying blue blades on their hips. *Why would 
they want to fight?*

He looked at the faces of the men and saw fear and hubris, the innocence of the
men stamped out by King's mania. *They were happy.* Kris remembered. 

"Kris..." Freya called him back from the reality, *I don't care. I need to find
Ana.* he reminded himself, "What are we going to do now?"

"We'll get some rest!" the sun was setting behind Freya and casted a golden
glow around her. *She looks stunning.* Kris thought shouldering his staff.

"Where?" Freya scratched her chin.

Kris smiled, "I know just the place. It's around that corner." Kris pointed.

"Okay." Freya started towards the direction Kris was pointing. Kris saw her 
walk away with a smile on his face and his heart skipping inside his chest.

"The Innkeeper," Kris said joining Freya, "Stevie, owes me a favor. We should
be able to get a couple of rooms."

"Okay." Freya said as she wrapped Kris' jacket tightly around herself. 
*Even mad, she's beautiful.* Kris thought. 

The inn was placed at the corner of the street and was covered in a veil of 
shadows casted by the dancing street lamps. Thugs grunted as Kris and Freya 
walked through the street. 

Kris looked over his shoulders and found Freya steeling herself and making a 
fist at her sides, *She's brave.* he thought as he grabbed his staff tight.

When Kris pushed the doors of the inn wide open, the thugs that followed them
grunted and dispersed. From the door a dim light filtered into the street and
smell of stale beer filled the air. Kris smiled, remembering the time he had 
last visited Moonsire.

"Kris." Stevie, the young innkeeper smiled and invited them inside. The inn was
, unlike the restaurant, was bustling with life and drunk discussion. A brawl
bubbled in the far corner and a musician tuned out a melody about the 
participants. 

"Stevie." Kris said resting the staff against his torso, "I see the business is
great."

"Yes." Stevie smiled, taking an order from a nearby table, "I have a lot more
customers, but it is getting rough." Stevie found them a place and left them to
settle. He returned with two mugs of beer and pulled a chair next to them.

"Buddy," Kris said not sure how to proceed, "I need a couple of rooms."

"Oh dear." Stevie said, "We have the entire inn booked by a band of sell
swords. They want to sell their services to the King, I hear he's paying a 
hefty amount."

"Oh." Kris sighed, "Is there anything you can do?" he sipped on the beer and 
raised an eyebrow. 

"Ofcourse," Stevie said with a smile, "I have an idea." 

"What is it?"

"I have an attic," Stevie said, "I had it cleaned recently."

"What is the catch?"

"Well," Stevie said shifting in his seat, "The floor is creeky, the ceiling 
leaks and the air smells-- funny."

Kris looked at Freya and gestured, "What do you wanna do?" She thought for a 
moment before nodding a *Yes.*

"We'll take it."

"It's good that you are listening to missus."

"We are not married." Kris said in a flat voice, hiding a smile. 

"Oh." Stevie shrugged, "Sorry." he got to his feet and gestured them to follow.

Two flights of creeking staircae and bumping into a drunk, stumbling resident,
the two were ushered into a dark attic. The strong chemical smell that reminded
Kris of a hospital he had once visited.

Stevie lit a candle and placed it on the dressing table. He scannd the room and
smiled with satisfaction, "Finally." he whispered.

"Thank you Stevie." Kris said opening the window and resting aginst the sill.

"I owe you a lot Kris." he closed the door shut. 

Kris saw Freya scan the room with a blush on her face, "You take the bed." Kris
said as he looked out of the window and into the street below. The thugs were
mugging an innocent passerby. Kris sighed and looked the other way. 

*Ana.* he thought with a smile on his face and stone in his heart, *I'm sorry,
I couldn't save you.* a tear drop formed in his eyes.

"Kris." Freya called from the bed, "Sit with me."

Kris sighed under his breath, *This is not going to end well.* he thought
fighting against his past. He sat next to Freya who rested her head on his 
lap and slowly fell asleep. Kris sat motionless as he heard Freya snore gently
in her sleep. *She'...* Kris parked that thought and caressed Freya's brown 
locks.

*Ana.* Kris thought, *I hope you are alright.*

The candle had burnt out, but the moon was just in the right place to
illuminate the room in a soft white glow. Freya's hair caught the moon light in
just the right way and glowed silver, *I guess Maya will be able to help us 
find you Ana. Don't you worry little one.* 

---

*Freya... Ana...Marco...* faces of people he had cared about flashed one after
another. Kris moved in his sleep, "No." he murmured, "I don't want to lose 
you."

He jerked awake in the middle of the night and found Freya snoring on his lap.
*Freya...* he thought with love. Kris ran his hand through her hair and gently
slid her off his laps. 

Stretching he went to the window and allowed the crisp, chilly air soothe him.
*There is a stench of corruption and evil.* he thought as he looked at the 
lightening sky. 

*Another day's beginning. Another day you are not with me Ana.* Kris felt the
city slowly rubbing the sleep off and coming to life. In the distance he could
hear metal rattling against each other. He could hear animals growl and moan
as they took the fields. Somewhere deep in the heart of city he could her men
and women gathering as the setup their businesses for the day. 

Moonspire was the jewel of the north-- a cultural centre and a place where
people could break away from the slow, boring life of a small village and find
exciting work. But things were changing, Kris could sense tension in the air.

Kris closed his eyes and waited for the sun push he darkness that had gathered
in a corner out of the night sky. He could hear the screams of agony and blades
clashing. He could hear the sweet voices-- of people he had loved-- turn into
a painful scream. *Death follows.* he heard his voice over the searing scream,
*With Riptide, it is easier to kill.* 

Kris opened his eyes and ignored the itch to hold his blade, *How long has it
been?* Kris tried to recall. He turned around to find Freya wakeing up from her
sleep.

"Good Morning." Kris greeted her. He found himself leaning and kissing her on 
her cheeks. He couldn't help but run his hands through her hair, *Fuck.*

"Good Morning Kris." Freya acted as if nothing had happened and get off 
the bed.

Kris watched her for a moment and the realized he was being creepy, "I'll find
some breakfast for us."

"Okay." Kris saw her blushng from the corner of his eyes as he closed the door 
behind him.

*What did I do?* he banged his head against the wall on his way down.

---

Kris returned with a tray in his hands, "Breakfast's here." he called out to
grab Freya's attention who was standing at the window. When she turned around he
saw horror in her eyes, "What happened?" he asked gently. Kris placed the tray
of breakfast on the bed and embraced Freya who began sobbing.

"What happened?" Kris asked again, running his hands through her shiny brown
hair.

"They..." Freya pointed out of the window at the thugs who lurked around in the
alley, "They attacked a little girl and..."

"And?"

"They did unspeakable things to her." Freya broke in another fitful sob, "I
couldn't even do a thing. I was unable to react."

"It's okay," Kris hugged her tighter, "You were terrified."

"Kris." Freya said wiping the tears off her face that had twisted further in
horror.

"Yes." he said softly. *Don't. Please don't say it.*

"What if they..." Freya struggled to find the words, "Forget it. What did you
bring for breakfast?" *Thank you* he said with his eyes. Freya smiled as she
mustered strength to kiss him on his cheeks.

*Fuck.* he thought with a smile as he mindlessly touched the spot where Freya
had kissed him, "I brought some bread."

"Hmm." Freya broke a piece of potato bread that Kris had brought upstairs and
sat cross legged on the bed, "What now?"

Kris took a piece for himself and sat next to her, "We'll go visit Maya."

"Who's Maya?" Freya sounded jealous.

"A very old friend." Kris thought for a moment, "I don't even remember how I met
her."

"Is she pretty?" Freya blushed-- regretting the question the moment it came out
of her mouth. Kris could see shame and jealousy in her eyes.

"Well," Kris scratched his chin, "She used to pretty."

"Okay." Freya ripped another piece of bread and pouted.

Kris smiled as he admired Freya and everything thing about her, *She's perfect.
She's kind and brave and strong and... I'm falling.* he swallowed the last
morsel and got to his feet, wiping his hands on his back. "Let's go." he
shouldered his staff -- Nightglade and waited for Freya to get ready. 

A moment later they were exiting the Inn, Freya inched closer locked their arms
together. Kris looked over his shoulders and found her face twisted with anger,
"Do you want to do something about what you saw?" Kris asked as they walked
through the alleys under the watchful eyes of lurking thugs.

"Yes." Freya nodded, "But..." before Freya could finish her sentence Kris
stopped. The thugs grunted and zeroed in on them.

"You are pretty." a thug said in a accent that Freya couldn't recognize, "I'm
gonna eat you up."

"Johnny," another thug called in, "She's meaty." the thug motioned towards her
and before he could touch her breasts. Kris swung his staff cracking the man's
skull who collapsed in an instance. 

The thugs pulled their blue swords and charged, *They are sharp. The staff will
break.* he reminded himself and he moved out of the incoming charge. He held
Freya's hands with one and flourished the staff with the other and snapping a
spine with a brutal hit. 

*They are not trained.* Kris thought observing their stance and form as he swung
again to break a rib. He caught another thug who had almost touched Kris with
the blue blade in the follow through and broke his attack by breaking his shin.

When he was done, the thugs who had lurked in the street were either dead or
clinging to their dear life, "Let's go." Kris started. *Did I just show off?*
Kris thought as he continued. He caught Freya blushing and smiling from the
corner of his eyes. *Fuck. I just killed to show off.* Kris thought, *I'm the
monster that I used to be.*

"Kris." Freya said, "They deserved it." *Can she read my mind?* "They raped a
little girl not older than 5. They beat her to death and dumped her body in the
drain. They deserved it."

"But should we be handing out justice?" Kris said underneath his breath.

"What?" Freya asked.

"Nothing." Kris raised his fingers and pointed to an alley at the end of the
road, "Maya's house is just round that corner."

---

Three knocks later the door creaked open and an old woman with wrinkle skin and
thinning silver hair opened. "Kris," she smiled and hugged him at the
threshold, "Get in. And this is?" she pointed at Freya.

"Oh," Kris scratched the back of his head not sure how to introduce her.

"I'm Kris' friend." Freya said.

"Get in." she waved them inside. The room was big with lots of windows and
filled with sunlight. An owl hooted from its cage and a small fire crackled in
the firepit across the room. Kris looked around observing the room, "You've
made..." Kris said taking a seat, "Some changes." he looked at the paintings of
war, mountains and an old village hanging on the small gaps between the
windows.

Maya looked around with a twinkle of pride in her eyes, "Yes." she said, "I
painted them myself." She walked around the room closing the drapes and
darkening the room. The fire that crackled casted long ominous shadows and lit
Maya's silver hair orange. 

"You are sad." Maya said sitting opposite him, "You are... broken. What
happened?"

Kris looked in Maya's eyes and saw wisedom and friendship. His eyes slowly
filled with tears and he wiped them with the back of his hands, "It is so good
to see you Maya."

"It is good to see you Kris." Maya's voice felt wise and soothing, "What
happened?"

"Ana." Kris choked and resisted breaking into fitful sob, "They took Ana."

"Who are they?"

"Elven Star." Kris felt an icy rage filling the depths, "Monsters, carrying
blue blades, raided *my* village. They stole Vumirium from the deposits and
abducted *my* little Ana."

"Oh dear." Maya said getting to her feet and hugging him. Kris sighed and felt
the warmth of a motherly love. He looked over and found Freya pouting with
jealousy, "Son, I'm sure Ana is alright." *That should do the trick.* he
thought. Maya sat back across him and Kris thanked him with his eyes.

"I don't know where she is." Kris said.

Maya thought for a moment and then got up to her feet and went in a room behind
a intricately decorated door and returned with a short sword. She threw the
sword to Kris and asked, "What do you know about Blue Blade?"

"Not much," Kris admitted, "I just know that they are being casted here in
Moonspire. I find it hard to believe that Moonspire Engineers can do a good job
with Metalwork."

"Take out the sword." Maya said as she poured herself a hot tea from the kettle
and waited for Kris. Kris looked at the nondescript scabbard and slowly pulled
out the blade. The blade took the orange light in and filled the room with an
icy blue tint. Kris got to his feet and examined the blade switching hands and
swinging it. The itch to wrap his fingers around the Riptide was slowly being
replaced by a much darker thought. *Kill.* something in his mind whispered as
he swung to sword in air, *Kill that woman.* a voice coaxed him when he looked
at Freya walking across the room and standing next to Maya. 

Kris sheathed the sword and said in a solemn voice, "The sword is tugging at
something inside my mind," he place the sword on the table and walked across
the room and stared at the fire dancing in the pit, "It wanted me to kill."

"Yes." Maya said with a twinkle in his eyes. "Very good. What can you deduce
Lord Kris?" *Lord.* Kris thought, *Why would you call me that? After all this
time?*

Kris slowly turned to face Mayam "It is imbued with magic."

"Good. Very good." Maya said sipping on the tea.

"Magic?" Freya asked with a puzzled look on her face, trying to make sense.

"Only a few metal can hold magic." Kris ignored Freya for the moment.

"And which metal will this sword be made out of?"

"Aldervarium." KRis said after a moment.

"Very good." Maya said, "Maybe that is where you should start. The Aldervarium
mines."

Kris nodded and went back to staring at the fire, "I've a request for you,
Maya!" A horror was setting in his mind, *Fuck. I left a stack of blue blade
back home.* 

"Anything for you Lord Kris."

"I want you to go to Snowdale," Kris said without turning, "I want you to teach
my people how to fight." 

"Okay." Maya said, "I'll leave right away."

After sharing lunch Kris, Freya and Maya prepared to embark on a long journey.
*Should I tell her about Marco?* Kris thought as he eat lunch. *Should I tell
her Marco is dead?* he thought when Maya was packing a bag for her journey.
*Should I tell her I killed Marco?* Kris thought as the three prepared to leave
the house.

"A coin for your thought?" Maya said.

"Maya," Kris started but didn't know how to continue, "While coming to
Moonspire, we met a band of merchants." Kris added unneccessary details, "They
were travelling from the Snowall and carrying exotic products, silk, fur,
spices, herbs, opium. They had a band of mercenaries to protect the caravan
from being looted. The head of the mercenary was..." Kris swallowed, "Marco."

"Oh?" Maya raised an eyebrow, "Wasn't he... well dead?"

"I thought so too." Kris said, "We had a fight. I killed him. I'm sorry."

Maya didn't reply, instead she went into the the back of her room and returned
with a staff -- a long, black staff. She placed it erect in front of him and
said, "Kris." her voice was soft, "You need to let go of your past. You aren't
a killer like you call yourself-- you are more than that. Death doesn't follow
you. I know you are in love with that girl, just accept it. Give love another
chance. Give Freya a chance-- she's right for you." She offered the long staff
to him, "I give you Ardor-- in hope that you discover your trueself."

The two walked out of the door, "Nice staff." Freya said. Kris smiled at her
*Maybe I should tell her, that I'm in love with her.*

---

